unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
Chandler Bing: Does South Oregon have a sports-team? There you go.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: How come we have one extra place setting?
Monica Geller: 'Cause you invited your assistant.
Rachel Green: Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Monica Geller: Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Rachel Green: Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Monica Geller: Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
Phoebe Buffay: Regular Celery! Oh, I already have that.
Ross Geller: Done! With time a-to-spare.
Chandler Bing: Oooh that may be a New World's record
Ross Geller: You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Chandler Bing: Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.
Ross Geller: What? That's impossible.
Joey Tribbiani: 46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
Monica Geller: All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
Chandler Bing: I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
Ross Geller: No, just give me another minute.
Chandler Bing: Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Ross Geller: This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Chandler Bing: Okay, but if you can't...no dinner!
Ross Geller: You're on!
Joey Tribbiani: All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Monica Geller: Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
Joey Tribbiani: But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right?
Monica Geller: Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?
Ross Geller: Pshhshhh!
Monica Geller: Chandler? Can you give me a hand?
Chandler Bing: Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Joey Tribbiani: Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's not!
Rachel Green: Seriously, it's moving!
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell is in there?
Phoebe Buffay: It's just my knitting that's all! Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
