unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Where's Chandler?
Chandler Bing: Here I am.
Phoebe Buffay: Wash your hands!!!
Chandler Bing: How did you...know?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey! What's she doing back here?
Monica Geller: Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
Ross Geller: Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
Ross Geller: Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
Phoebe Buffay: See, this is exactly what we do not have time for.
Chandler Bing: Where's Monica?
Ross Geller: Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
Chandler Bing: Why not?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
Chandler Bing: Well, I, I should go in there.
Ross Geller: No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.
Chandler Bing: Why not?
Ross Geller: Because you sent away the dog!
Chandler Bing: This is ridiculous.
Ross Geller: Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! What's the matter?
Chandler Bing: Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
Joey Tribbiani: So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
Chandler Bing: And that doesn't scare you?
Joey Tribbiani: Ross, you need some help?
Ross Geller: From you? Yes, please!
Joey Tribbiani: First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
Rachel Green: Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
Joey Tribbiani: If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, is Chandler here?
Chandler Bing: No, no he went for a walk.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
Joey Tribbiani: You think?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi, honey.
Chandler Bing: Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Monica Geller: What? Why, why would...
Phoebe Buffay: Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Phoebe Buffay: We have good news, look whose back!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Chandler Bing: Clunkers?! Oh my god!
Monica Geller: That's right, she came back all by herself.
Phoebe Buffay: It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
Chandler Bing: It is so good to see you!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Chandler Bing: It's up to you.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh, hi! How are you doing?
Tag Jones: I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at mug shots.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Tag Jones: Thanks for having me over, you guys.
Ross Geller: Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
Tag Jones: Colorado.
Ross Geller: Ah, what good are you.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Tag Jones: Okay.
Rachel Green: Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Tag Jones: Um, I'm not.
Rachel Green: Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Tag Jones: No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
Rachel Green: Really?
Tag Jones: Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
Rachel Green: Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
