unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
Monica Geller: Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry, who's this?
Monica Geller: Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
Chandler Bing: Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Phoebe Buffay: No, there's no dog here?
Monica Geller: Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god! Where are you?
Monica Geller: I'll be right there!
Phoebe Buffay: They're here already? How are they doing this?
Rachel Green: Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
Tag Jones: I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Rachel Green: Well, sure! Come in! Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
Tag Jones: We kinda broke up this morning.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry.
Tag Jones: Yeah, so she went back to Ohio.
Ross Geller: Ohio!! Thank you!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Huh! Where is the dog?!
Ross Geller: What dog? There-there's no dog here.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah that dog left!
Monica Geller: Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!
Phoebe Buffay: There's no dog in here.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
Phoebe Buffay: No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Chandler Bing: What is it doing here?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Monica Geller: Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Chandler Bing: Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
Phoebe Buffay: That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Chandler Bing: Really?
Monica Geller: Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
Chandler Bing: Well, it still has to go, right?
Monica Geller: Why?
Chandler Bing: Okay, it's um...
Joey Tribbiani: Don't do it!
Monica Geller: Don't do what?
Chandler Bing: I have to! Okay? It's time! Okay, I hate dogs.
#ALL#: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Are you crazy?
Ross Geller: Are you out of your mind?
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Joey Tribbiani: Told ya.
Chandler Bing: They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Ross Geller: Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
Rachel Green: Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
Chandler Bing: Is there a puppy here?
Tag Jones: You don't like puppies?
Chandler Bing: Okay, you are new!
Joey Tribbiani: Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
Phoebe Buffay: You don't like ice cream?
Ross Geller: It's too cold.
Chandler Bing: Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
Ross Geller: It hurts my teeth.
Chandler Bing: And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Monica Geller: 1250.
Ross Geller: Damn, I forgot you were here.
Phoebe Buffay: All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute.
Rachel Green: Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'd say about a month.
Monica Geller: Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
Joey Tribbiani: Half hour.
Rachel Green: Interesting.
Monica Geller: When it's your assistant, I would say never.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Rachel Green: Huh. A moo-point?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Rachel Green: Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Monica Geller: Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Rachel Green: You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Joey Tribbiani: Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
Tag Jones: Hey.
Rachel Green: How are you holding up?
Tag Jones: Not bad.
Rachel Green: Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.
Tag Jones: Thanks.
Rachel Green: So were you guys together a long time?
Tag Jones: A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end up together. I don't anymore.
Rachel Green: Now that she broke up with you?
Tag Jones: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Hmmmm.
Tag Jones: It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Rachel Green: No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
Tag Jones: Why?
Rachel Green: Because, uh-it has to.
Tag Jones: You have all the answers, don't you?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.
Tag Jones: Hey, thanks for talking to me.
Rachel Green: Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!
Tag Jones: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
