unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it.
Ross Geller: No, I don't want to hit you.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh what then? Kick me?
Ross Geller: No.
Joey Tribbiani: Bite me?
Ross Geller: No, no I don't want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I'm not mad at you and...and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh now-Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
Ross Geller: Uh...yeah sure.
Joey Tribbiani: Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don't...
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh...I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
Ross Geller: Thank you.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Anyway, it uh...look it'll just...take me a while to get over her, that's all. I'm not even sure how to do that, I mean I've never been in love before so...
Ross Geller: What?! You're in love with her.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I thought you knew that.
Ross Geller: Umm, no.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don't want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I'll get over this." Y'know? I just-It just keeps gettin' harder. I don't, I don't know what to do. Y'know? What do I do?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: I think you need to tell her how you feel.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay that's the green stuff talkin'.
Ross Geller: No, I'm serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she's not where you are, then you can start to move past this.
Joey Tribbiani: But what if uh-and I'm not saying she will be-But...
Ross Geller: If she is where you are then uh...then my feeling weird about it shouldn't stand in the way.
Joey Tribbiani: Are you sure?
Ross Geller: Yeah. Look if-if she's gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn't find a better guy. So...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey thanks.
Ross Geller: So when do you think you're gonna talk to her?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven't even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
Ross Geller: I'm understanding, but let's not get carried away.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry, you're right. What am I gonna say? Oh!
Ross Geller: Yeah, tell me about it.
