unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh-oh! Okay, she's kicking!
Chandler Bing: Oh! She's growing inside you.
Rachel Green: Whoa!!
Chandler Bing: Oh!
Rachel Green: Wow that was a big one.
Chandler Bing: I think that's the youngest girl ever to reject me.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh hey you guys!
Chandler Bing: Oh hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates?
Rachel Green: Oh yes I do. I do. I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone. And do you know how you find him? You stop looking for him. That's why I stopped looking for Russell Crowe. He'll find me.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh, and you?
Chandler Bing: No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don't think they exist.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, good.
Chandler Bing: Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Well last night, I met Monica's.
Chandler Bing: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half.
Chandler Bing: Come on, don't be crazy. You don't think there's someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya?
Rachel Green: Well, what's he like?!
Phoebe Buffay: Well he's tall.
Rachel Green: Uh-huh.
Phoebe Buffay: He has brown hair.
Rachel Green: Of course, of course.
Chandler Bing: A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
Phoebe Buffay: He works with food!
Rachel Green: Oh sure. Older?
Phoebe Buffay: Obviously, and he's British.
Rachel Green: Oh, I was just gonna ask!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah? And, he's-he's so centered and mature and confident.
Rachel Green: Oh, it's so sad they never had a chance to meet.
Chandler Bing: Luckily, the guy she settled for can't hear what you're talking about.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'm so sorry. Um, and maybe I'm wrong! I but-y'know I'm gonna go out with him again, I'll find out more.
Chandler Bing: You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you're still gonna date him?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl's gotta eat.
