unknown: nan
Ross Geller: It's my joke.
Chandler Bing: It's my joke.
Chandler Bing: It's my joke.
Ross Geller: Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
Chandler Bing: Let's have Monica decide.
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Chandler Bing: Yeah!
Ross Geller: Hey Mon.
Chandler Bing: Mon, get out here!
Ross Geller: Monica!
Chandler Bing: Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Monica Geller: Why do I have to decide?
Chandler Bing: Because you're the only one that can be fair.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: I can't be fair. You're my boyfriend.
Ross Geller: Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Chandler Bing: Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Ross Geller: We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Monica Geller: Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Monica Geller: Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Chandler Bing: Can I finish my story?!
Monica Geller: Do you want me to pick you?!
Ross Geller: See, I would never snap at you like that.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Continue.
Chandler Bing: So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Ross Geller: Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
Chandler Bing: I'm not arguing with that.
Monica Geller: All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: It's your joke.
Chandler Bing: Is not.
