unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Chandler Bing: Hi, oh hi.
Monica Geller: Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Rachel Green: Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Phoebe Buffay: Really? I've heard better.
Monica Geller: Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I'm out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
Monica Geller: Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
Chandler Bing: You're a little high maintenance.
Monica Geller: Ahhh! You are on my list.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
Monica Geller: I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
Chandler Bing: I'm off the list.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, suddenly I find you very attractive.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey, buddy boy, how'd the audition go?
Joey Tribbiani: Not good, no. I didn't get the part, and I lost my job here, so ...
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! That is a bad audition.
Rachel Green: How-how did you lose your job here?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Rachel Green: He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Rachel Green: Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Gunther: Okay.
Rachel Green: What?
Gunther: He can have his job back.
Rachel Green: That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
Joey Tribbiani: That's great. Thanks Rach.
Rachel Green: Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now who's a pushover?
Phoebe Buffay: Rach, you're in my seat.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry.
