unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Monica Geller: Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never get back to Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good......But wrong.
Monica Geller: Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to borrow some money.
Joey Tribbiani: Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
Monica Geller: But Chandler lent you money!
Joey Tribbiani: And I think he would tell you it was a mistake.
Monica Geller: Come on...I just need it for some rent and..and some other bills.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh...how much?
Monica Geller: Two thousand dollars?
Joey Tribbiani: Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
Monica Geller: Yeah...
Joey Tribbiani: That's right I am!
Rachel Green: Hi you guys!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Oo...what's in the bag?
Rachel Green: Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-proof the apartment.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs!" or er.. "Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again!" Huh!
Monica Geller: Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?
Rachel Green: No. I was just going to do this myself.
Joey Tribbiani: You're gonna do it?
Rachel Green: Yeah, Why? You don't think a woman can do this?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, women can. You can't.
Rachel Green: Monica...would you please tell Joey that he is a pig?
Monica Geller: You're a pig. And you can't do this.
Rachel Green: Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!
Joey Tribbiani: The hardware store is right down the street.
Rachel Green: There is a hardware store right down the street?
