unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
Monica Geller: So you gave in and decided to call someone?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I don't know who I was kidding. I can barely use chopsticks.
Handyman: You're all set.
Rachel Green: Oh thank you so much. Oh oh wait! You forgot your erm...Your game.
Handyman: Thanks.....
Chandler Bing: Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife.
Rachel Green: Don't look at me I never get his jokes.
Monica Geller: Thank you?
Chandler Bing: Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.
Monica Geller: Ok, you're being wierd. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?
Chandler Bing: No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form.
Monica Geller: Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still ok.
Chandler Bing: Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
Monica Geller: Okay...
Chandler Bing: I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that.
Rachel Green: Just when you thought that dude couldn't get any wierder.
Monica Geller: I know why do you think he was so worried about me getting bigger?
Rachel Green: I don't know! I mean, what brought that on?
Monica Geller: Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.
Rachel Green: No you really think that's what it is?
Monica Geller: You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
Rachel Green: Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, your ass is gonna get bigger, you're gonna lose bladder control. God! It's just such a magical time!
