unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey! What do you guys think about this. "Ross: The Divorce-Force".
Phoebe Buffay: Better.
Mike Hannigan: Very cool.
Ross Geller: Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah you were helpful! Yeah, no, thanks you.
Ross Geller: Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is neccessarily the right path for you.
Phoebe Buffay: What do you mean?
Ross Geller: Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo?
Phoebe Buffay: They are awfully boxy...
Ross Geller: I don't know you'd be so bored with marriage. I mean it's so... normal.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh huh.
Ross Geller: Hey hey, can I help?
Chandler Bing: Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
Ross Geller: You know sometimes your words... they hurt.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey uh, where do you guys want this?
Rachel Green: Yeah, seriously coz this is really heavy. I mean not for me because i'm only pretending to hold this, but for these guys.
Phoebe Buffay: Just one last time erm... the marriage thing... there's no wiggle room? None at all?
Mike Hannigan: No but... You don't want to get married either right?
Phoebe Buffay: Right. Except that I do want to get married.
Joey Tribbiani: Couldn't have this conversation down at the truck huh?
Mike Hannigan: You wanna get married?
Phoebe Buffay: Someday.
Chandler Bing: Aaaaand....... hernia.
Phoebe Buffay: I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the regular stuff.
Mike Hannigan: But if you wanna get married why didn't you say something before?
Phoebe Buffay: Because I just didn't know how much I wanted it. And I love you, and I wanted to live with you.
Mike Hannigan: I want to live with you too! Let's do that!
Phoebe Buffay: But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.
Mike Hannigan: Can we at least try living together? I mean you might change your mind about marriage.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you gonna change yours?
Mike Hannigan: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Me neither. I think I need to be with someone who wants what I want.
Mike Hannigan: But I don't want this to end.
Phoebe Buffay: I don't want it to end either.
Mike Hannigan: I can't believe this is gonna end. I guess I'll have my stuff packed up.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Mike Hannigan: Ok... so... Goodbye.
Chandler Bing: Bye bye Mike!/Cya mike!/Bye mike!/Bye bye now!
Rachel Green: I'm so sorry Pheebs.
Monica Geller: We're all sorry...
Chandler Bing: Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
