unknown: nan
Ross Geller: We are never gonna find him! He's one guy in a huge city!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! Is that him?
Ross Geller: That is an old, Chinese woman!
Phoebe Buffay: He could be in disguise, y'know.
Ross Geller: Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So this is your office?
Chandler Bing: How did you guys find me? I knew I should've hid at the gym!
Phoebe Buffay: What the hell are you doing?!
Chandler Bing: Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
Ross Geller: She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
Chandler Bing: No! No! No! I can't do that!
Phoebe Buffay: Why not?!
Chandler Bing: Because if I go home, we're gonna become the Bings! I can't be the Bings!
Ross Geller: What's wrong with being the Bings?
Chandler Bing: The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Ross Geller: Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Chandler Bing: No.
Ross Geller: Then you are neither of your parents!
Chandler Bing: It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Phoebe Buffay: But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
Chandler Bing: I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Ross Geller: Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
Chandler Bing: Well yeah, but then...
Ross Geller: Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Chandler Bing: Depends on what you mean by we.
