unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Monica, hey, can I borrow the Porsche?
Monica Geller: Ok.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright!
Monica Geller: But ehm...what is it not?
Joey Tribbiani: A place to entertain my lady friends.
Monica Geller: And what else is it not?
Joey Tribbiani: A place to eat spaghetti.
Monica Geller: Very good! What do you need it for anyway?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Rachel Green: Oh! So you're driving up to Connecticut?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah Connecticut...Not West Virginia.
Monica Geller: Hey, maybe I'll drive you up there! I'd like to buy some tickets myself!
Joey Tribbiani: Uh!
Monica Geller: Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey will you get me tickets too?
Rachel Green: Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together and then if we win, we'll split it! Everyone almost simultaneously except Ross: yeah thats a great idea!
Ross Geller: No thanks!
Phoebe Buffay: You don't wanna win the lottery?
Ross Geller: Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart.
Chandler Bing: Still on Amelia Earhart?
Ross Geller: The woman just vanished!
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously, Ross, you don't want in on this?
Ross Geller: No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times.
Chandler Bing: Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
Joey Tribbiani: I like those odds!
Ross Geller: Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's such a bunch of boohaki.
Chandler Bing: I'll ask. Boohaki?
Ross Geller: Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her.
Rachel Green: Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.
Monica Geller: How do you know she's gonna start talking?
Rachel Green: Well when I talk to her I almost feel like she understands what I'm saying.
Chandler Bing: Kinda like Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: What's that now? Opening credits.
