unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: What a beautiful night to be running around the street, looking for tickets. And the wind sure made it fun.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, we lost half of them.
Phoebe Buffay: So, what? Monica, we have the winning ticket! My psychic said I was gonna win, remember?
Ross Geller: Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...
Phoebe Buffay: As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. So, excuse me for being a little skittish.
Chandler Bing: Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work!
Monica Geller: Oh, play them!
Chandler Bing: Ok, here we go!
Message: "Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise" "I sh.. I shouldn't have knocked the tickets out of the pretty lady's hand. It-it was all my fault. Not hers. Bye. Coo."
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I bet that was very hard for him to do.
Second Message: "Hey Chandler, it's Charlie"
Chandler Bing: This is..shhh!
Second Message: "Listen, oh... it turns I got the last spot. I'm really sorry man, it was a lot of fun working with you. Give me a call if you want."
Monica Geller: Oh God, I am so sorry honey...
#ALL#: Oh, so sorry man! Sorry!
Rachel Green: Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.
Chandler Bing: Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren?
Rachel Green: No, she was just much better at job than me!
Phoebe Buffay: Guys, the drawing is about to start!
Rachel Green: You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, it's a good idea!
Monica Geller: Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Monica Geller: 131!
Ross Geller: Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl... Phoebe's totally ruined that for me...
Rachel Green: Hi mum, put her back on!
Joey Tribbiani: Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing. TV: "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"
Chandler Bing: I got that!
Ross Geller: Oh, we have one too!!
Monica Geller: We are on a roll, people!!
Ross Geller: Come on!!
Rachel Green: Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just let me say goodnight to my daughter? TV: "And number 29! Here we go! The Powerball is 7"
Monica Geller: Check your numbers! Make me rich!
Rachel Green: Guys, you're not gonna believe this! I was just saying goodnight to Emma and she said her first words!!
#ALL#: Wow!
Joey Tribbiani: And what did she say?
Rachel Green: She said "gleba"!!
Monica Geller: Make me rich!!
Rachel Green: Isn't that amazing?
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, no no no...that's great!
Rachel Green: Why-why aren't you more excited?
Ross Geller: Oh, Rach...oh..."gleba" is not a word.
Rachel Green: Oh, but of course it is!
Ross Geller: Okay, what does it mean?
Rachel Green: I don't know all the words.
Ross Geller: I'm just, I'm just glad I didn't miss my daughter's first words .
Ross Geller: Yes you did, gleba is a word!
Ross Geller: Ok, use it in a sentence.
Rachel Green: Ok... "Emma just said gleba"!
Ross Geller: It's not a word!
Rachel Green: Okay, okay, okay, fine, I'm gonna look it up .
Ross Geller: Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....
Rachel Green: Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba... Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of a certain fungi.
Ross Geller: She's gonna be a scientist!
Joey Tribbiani: Damnit! anybody got anything?
Chandler Bing: No.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm still looking through mine...
Monica Geller: Just double checking ...no, no, no... No!
Monica Geller: Hello? Hold on. It's your boss.
Chandler Bing: Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve.
Steve: Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your maturity and experience, you wouldn't be happy being someone's assistant.
Chandler Bing: Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Steve: Chandler, you were the strongest person in the program. We're offering you the position of junior copywriter.
Chandler Bing: Me, that guy who just said butt cracks?
Steve: Yes, that's right. We're excited about the level of sophistication you'll be bringing to the job.
Chandler Bing: Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow .
Chandler Bing: What? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter.
#ALL#: Oh my God, congratulations!
Monica Geller: Oh sweetie, I'm so proud of you!
Chandler Bing: Does that mean I get the good loving tonight?
Monica Geller: You bet! No TV or anything!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, that is so great about the job.
Chandler Bing: Thanks, man.
Joey Tribbiani: And I like to think I had a little something to do with it.
Chandler Bing: Really? What?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah? Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah.
Rachel Green: You know what? There is a little part of me that really thought we were gonna win.
Ross Geller: Me too. So much for my dinosaur/Amelia Earhart theme park.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys, what was the Powerball number again?
Monica Geller: Seven.
Phoebe Buffay: We won.
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: We won!
Monica Geller: Let me see!
Phoebe Buffay: Don't tear it.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, you don't have any of the first five numbers.
Phoebe Buffay: I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!
Chandler Bing: Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
Phoebe Buffay: I don't care, I've never won anything before, I can't believe this!
Rachel Green: So Pheebs, what are you going to do with your $3?
Phoebe Buffay: It's not all mine. We all get 50 cents.
Monica Geller: You know what? You can have mine.
Chandler Bing: Me too.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too.
Rachel Green: Me too.
Ross Geller: I guess if everybody else is... Closing credits.
