unknown: nan
Monica Geller: God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth grade.
Chandler Bing: Pie eating contest?
Monica Geller: Oh! You assume because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something?
Chandler Bing: No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries.
Monica Geller: That was a good day!
Ross Geller: They're towing your car, they're towing your car!!
Monica Geller: I'm parked in a garage on Morton!
Ross Geller: They're towing a car. And I am seeing...spots.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
Rachel Green: Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!
Joey Tribbiani: I was?
Racel: Yes and you talked to her...
Joey Tribbiani: I did?
Rachel Green: She dropped off a casserole?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah! The casserole lady.
Monica Geller: So, did you come by to watch us win the big bucks?
Ross Geller: Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rainbow with gremlins dancing on top of it!
Chandler Bing: Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!!
Ross Geller: Think he washed his hands?
Chandler Bing: Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know?
Rachel Green: What's going on?
Monica Geller: Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 interns, they are only hiring three.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh! Tough odds!
Ross Geller: Yeah if only it were a sure thing like your 24 state lottery!
Joey Tribbiani: Look who's coming around!
Chandler Bing: Damnit. Alright call me when you know more.
Joey Tribbiani: Did you get it?
Chandler Bing: One of the slots got filled.
Joey Tribbiani: By you!?
Chandler Bing: Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it.
Monica Geller: Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!
Chandler Bing: Yeah I know.
Rachel Green: Well, there's two spots left right?
Chandler Bing: Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definitely gonna win the lottery tonight!
Monica Geller: Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.
Ross Geller: A psychic AND a wishbone? Guys! Give someone else a chance!
Monica Geller: Alright, who wants to do it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the meat doesn't mean we don't like to play with the carcasses!
Monica Geller: Ok, hey Rach?
Rachel Green: Oh no, I'm good, I don't wanna get that turkey smell all over my hands.
Joey Tribbiani: I'll do it!! It'll get the casserole stink off of mine.
Phoebe Buffay: I hope I win!
Monica Geller: Well, it doesn't really matter ... you're both wishing for the same thing, right?
Joey Tribbiani: I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!
Monica Geller: Right! .. but we "know" what you're wishing for!
Joey Tribbiani: Can't really say!
Monica Geller: I understand, but you're wishing for what we think you're wishing for, aren't you?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm not really comfortable with these questions!
Chandler Bing: Please, just do it!
Phoebe Buffay: One, two, three!
Joey Tribbiani: I won, hey!
Ross Geller: You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie will come out if we rub this lamp! Ah!! That thing gets hot!!
Rachel Green: You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?
Ross Geller: Uh, you're not gonna win.
Rachel Green: Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then how you gonna feel? You know, we're gonna be all like "oh everybody, let's take our helicopters up to the cape" and you're gonna be all like "oh, I can't guys, I'll meet you guys up there, I gotta gas up the Hyundai"
Ross Geller: Ok, I've heard myself on tape and I sound nothing like that.
Chandler Bing: I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Ross Geller: Why would I eat my own arm?
Chandler Bing: Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
Monica Geller: You know what, Ross? I'm gonna throw in 50 bucks for you.
Ross Geller: Why?
Monica Geller: Because I know that you think the lottery is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.
Ross Geller: You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here.
Phoebe Buffay: Get a room!
Chandler Bing: Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win?
Ross Geller: I don't know, probably just invest it.
Chandler Bing: Ooh! Calm down ...
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously, that's your fantasy? To invest it?
Ross Geller: Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away"
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
Rachel Green: I don't really care about the Knicks.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, you will when I pick you as starting forward.
Rachel Green: You would do that? I never get picked!
Chandler Bing: You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go.
Joey Tribbiani: You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
Chandler Bing: You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds.
Ross Geller: Uh, how long until they announce the numbers, Mommy?
Chandler Bing: I'll take this one too Uh ... Mommy?
Ross Geller: Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...
Rachel Green: I'm hoping that if she hears it enough it will be her first word.
Ross Geller: Although if we're gonna do that, we should probably call me "Daddy" too.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh, I like that, "daddy"
Ross Geller: I ... I was just talking about Rachel.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?
Ross Geller: Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't.
Chandler Bing: Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, I'm sorry. But hey, there's one spot left, right?
Chandler Bing: Well no, Charlie's gonna get that.
Monica Geller: Hey, don't say that! You got just as good a chance as anybody else of getting that job!
Chandler Bing: He's the boss's son.
Monica Geller: Come on, lottery!!
Rachel Green: Ooh, you guys, it starts in like 20 minutes.
Monica Geller: Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to organize this? Ok, how about this: we divide them into 6 groups of 40, and the remaining 10 can be read by whoever finishes their pile first.
Rachel Green: Ooh, I have another idea!
Monica Geller: I'm sorry, idea time is over.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, well, are all the tickets in the bowl?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: What about the ones you have on the nightstand?
Monica Geller: There are no tickets on the nightstand!
Chandler Bing: Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago.
Monica Geller: Un, no you didn't! You must be mistaken!
Chandler Bing: Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand!
Monica Geller: Chandler, sense the tone!!
Rachel Green: Well, well, well, look what mommy found!!
Monica Geller: Ok, fine!! I bought 20 extra tickets for me and Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh! The psychic also said that I would be betrayed.
Ross Geller: I can't believe this, I thought we were all in this together!
Monica Geller: Hey, you just got in 5 minutes ago!
Ross Geller: 3 minutes ago!!! I don't know why that's important ...
Joey Tribbiani: I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
Monica Geller: When you were reading the dirty magazines without taking off the plastic!
Joey Tribbiani: I'll show you how.
Rachel Green: Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" tickets win? How are you gonna feel when you win the lottery and you lose all your friends?
Monica Geller: Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-muffins last week and I couldn't get rid of you for 3 days!
Rachel Green: Chandler, would you just tell her what she did was wrong?
Chandler Bing: She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us ...
Monica Geller: Ahhh!
Chandler Bing: Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!
Monica Geller: There's the man I married!!
Rachel Green: All right, believe me.If you win the lottery, it's the last you're gonna hear from us!
Monica Geller: Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
Rachel Green: OH! Alright, you know what? That's it! I want my share of the tickets !
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Ross Geller: Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you guys! We've got to keep all the tickets together.
Monica Geller: No, no! We should divide them up and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea!
Chandler Bing: Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery!
Rachel Green: Ok, that's it! Just give'em to me! I'll split them up!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh!
Phoebe Buffay: OOOOOHHHHH!
Ross Geller: Hey, hey!!
Phoebe Buffay: OOOOOHHHHH! Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this!
Rachel Green: Oh, if she jumps, I get her tickets.
Joey Tribbiani: No, no!
Phoebe Buffay: If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say goodbye to your tickets! .
#ALL#: NO!!
Phoebe Buffay: Don't come any closer!
Chandler Bing: Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
Phoebe Buffay: No, what's more important, your friends or money?
Chandler Bing: Friends!
Monica Geller: Money! Friends...
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Monica, what about your extra tickets?
Monica Geller: They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra ...
Ross Geller: Monica!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, good! You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no! I think I broke your bowl.
Ross Geller: Go, go, go!!
