unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Can we come in?
Ross Geller: Oh, come in.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: There she is!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, she's so beautiful.
Rachel Green: Here.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! She's amazing. Oh, oh I'm so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
Chandler Bing: It's incredible, I mean one minute she's inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
Joey Tribbiani: She looks so real! Y'know what I mean! She's this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and...uh-oh.
Rachel Green: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six fingers, but one was from the other hand so we're good.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, my turn. My turn. Oh! You're so cute! Oh, I could squeeze your little head! I won't.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What's the matter?
Rachel Green: Oh nothing I... Sorry, I just can't stop crying.
Ross Geller: The doctor says it's completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you're sleep deprived.
Rachel Green: So? You guys are all sleep deprived. I don't see you weeping because you put your slippers on the wrong feet. Oh God.
Joey Tribbiani: What's the matter now?
Rachel Green: I was reliving it.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohhh.
Chandler Bing: So, do you know what you're gonna call her yet?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, wait a minute it's not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original!
Ross Geller: Uh actually, we-we've narrowed it down to two names.
Rachel Green: Yeah, and y'know what? I love them both, so why don't you just pick one and that'll be it.
Ross Geller: Wow! Umm, okay uh...everyone...this...is Isabella. What?
Rachel Green: That's not her name! I'm sorry, she just doesn't feel like an Isabella.
Chandler Bing: So then I guess Ferdinad is out.
Joey Tribbiani: What was the other one Ross?
Ross Geller: Umm, Delilah.
Rachel Green: Oh great! Suddenly she sounds like a biblical whore.
Ross Geller: So I guess we're back to uh, Baby Girl.
Phoebe Buffay: Yay!
Rachel Green: Well what are we going to do?
Monica Geller: It's okay honey, you'll find a name.
Ross Geller: Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
Chandler Bing: You do?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I've had them picked out since I was fourteen.
Chandler Bing: Oh no, it's gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn't it?
Rachel Green: Well tell us! What are they?
Monica Geller: Umm, okay. If it's a boy it's Daniel.
Rachel Green: And if it's a girl?
Monica Geller: I don't want to say.
Rachel Green: Oh, just tell us! We're not gonna want it!
Monica Geller: Okay. It's Emma.
Rachel Green: Emma! See? I don't want it.
Monica Geller: Take it.
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: It's clearly an Emma.
Rachel Green: Oh honey, but you love that name.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y'know, nothing goes with Bing. So I'm screwed. I mean... Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that's you. You're our little Em. Oh what's that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? You want a cousin right now?!
