unknown: nan
Janice Litman Goralnik: Yoo-hoo! Aaron Litman-Neurolic would like to say hello to his future bride.
Rachel Green: Ohhh! Wow! He kinda takes your breath away doesn't he?
Janice Litman Goralnik: He's a keeper. How are you feeling?
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm fine.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Can I just say, I really admire what you're doing. Just raising her all alone.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm not doing it alone. I have Ross.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, sure. Now. But what happens when he meets somebody else and gets married?
Rachel Green: Well then he gets a divorce, it's Ross!
Janice Litman Goralnik: I'm telling you Rachel, listen to Janice. They all say they're gonna be there until they start their real family.
Rachel Green: Well I-That's never gonna happen with Ross.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh well that's what I thought about my first husband, now I'm lucky if my kid gets to spend the weekend with her father and the twins and little Ms. New Boobs.
Rachel Green: Really?
Janice Litman Goralnik: I hate to be the one to say it, but honey you two are on your own.
Rachel Green: Well... That's...y'know-That's-We've been alone for the last twenty minutes we're doing okay. Besides y'know what? I-I-Maybe we won't be alone, 'cause lately I-I-things have been happening between me and Ross, y'know? Right before I went into labor, we-we had this kiss. Y'know? So it might be the...the beginning of something.
Ross Geller: Hey Janice!
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh hi!
Ross Geller: Who's this little guy?
Janice Litman Goralnik: Say hello to Aaron, your future son-in-law.
Ross Geller: No-no. No.
Janice Litman Goralnik: I'm gonna leave the three of you alone.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Bye.
Ross Geller: Man! Did you see the kid on that nose?
Rachel Green: Uh-huh. Y'know what I was, I was thinking about?
Ross Geller: Huh?
Rachel Green: Umm...that kiss before we left the apartment. That was some-something huh?
Ross Geller: Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we...we gotta be careful. We...we can't let that happen again, y'know?
Rachel Green: Right.
Ross Geller: I mean we don't want to go down that road do we?
Rachel Green: No! No, of course not. No. That's why I brought it up. They didn't have any sodas?
Ross Geller: Oh my God! I'm sorry, I was talking to this nurse, completely forgot.
Rachel Green: That's all right. And so it begins.
