unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hello?
Chandler Bing: I'm in the bathroom, can you come in here? I think there's something wrong.
Monica Geller: You know what? I-I think I'll wait out here.
Chandler Bing: I'm in the bathtub.
Monica Geller: Oh. What's wrong?
Chandler Bing: I drew my own bath, but I did it wrong! The water's tepid. The salt didn't dissolve and is now... lodged places. And the scents I used don't compliment each other. Eucalyptus and chamomile-Oh!
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: The bath salts! They're starting to effervesce! It's different. It's interesting.
Monica Geller: Okay, let's talk about something else.
Chandler Bing: Yeah! Sure, sure. So, what was going on with you today? Oh-oh-oh!
Monica Geller: Well, I actually had the weirdest conversation with Joey. He was talking about rules and right and wrong and...
Chandler Bing: I had the exact same conversation.
Monica Geller: You did? What was he talking about?
Chandler Bing: I don't know! Joey hasn't had this much trouble getting out words since we saw him in Macbeth!
Monica Geller: That was a long night.
Chandler Bing: All right, let's break this down. What exactly did he say to you?
Monica Geller: Okay, he was talking about rules.
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh.
Monica Geller: Umm, and looking at people differently.
Chandler Bing: He didn't say anything about that to me.
Monica Geller: What did he tell you?
Chandler Bing: He was asking all these questions about you, me, and London. And, of course the glue that holds this all together, the rules.
Monica Geller: Okay. So you, me and London. Looking at people differently. Maybe he wants to do what you and I did in London with someone.
Chandler Bing: But what did he mean by rules?
Monica Geller: Wait a minute! He stopped talking the minute Phoebe came in!
Chandler Bing: Because he was looking at her differently.
Monica Geller: And Phoebe is his friend, so he thinks that would be breaking the rules!
Chandler Bing: My God! He wants to do it with Phoebe in London!
Phoebe Buffay: You guys?
Monica Geller: Just a minute! That's Mrs. Tribbiani!
Chandler Bing: You don't say anything.
Monica Geller: Why would I say anything? That two of our best friends could start the greatest love affair of their lives! And they would have me to thank, and we could all start having babies?
Chandler Bing: I'm not going to let you say anything.
Monica Geller: You just stay here!
Chandler Bing: Oh, God!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hey, Monica, I brought back your iron.
Monica Geller: Oh, you had that?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh.
Monica Geller: I thought I lost it. I got a new one, like, a month ago.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, just as well, I broke this one.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Monica Geller: Nothing.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: I mean, I-I, I really shouldn't say. I mean, I'm really not supposed to.
Phoebe Buffay: Fine.
Monica Geller: It's a humdinger!
Phoebe Buffay: Then it's really too bad that you can't tell me.
Monica Geller: Somebody likes you!
Phoebe Buffay: Is it Chandler?
Monica Geller: No!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, then tell him to stop staring!
Monica Geller: It's Joey!
Phoebe Buffay: Really?! Joey?! You don't say.
Monica Geller: Is it something you'd be interested in?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. You know, I mean, on the one hand, Mother may I? But y'know on the other hand... No. No, I can't. We're friends. No, oh, no. I don't want to risk what we have.
Monica Geller: I guess that makes sense. So, you think you're going to talk to him?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure, yeah. I mean, it's Joey. I don't want him to get hurt. Well, I must say, I am on fire! First Chandler, now Joey!
Monica Geller: Not Chandler, just Joey.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure.
