unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Kristen Leigh: Oh great!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Kristen Leigh: Is your back feeling better?
Ross Geller: Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Joey Tribbiani: Kristen?
Kristen Leigh: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hi!
Kristen Leigh: Hi! What are you doing here?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
Kristen Leigh: Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hi. It's nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don't anymore.
Kristen Leigh: Our table will be ready in a couple minutes.
Ross Geller: Yeah. So...
Joey Tribbiani: Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
Ross Geller: So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Kristen Leigh: Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
Ross Geller: That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
Joey Tribbiani: A woman in a man's body.
Ross Geller: Much better.
Joey Tribbiani: So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Ross Geller: Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
Kristen Leigh: Yeah, little Eric.
Ross Geller: That's right! Wait no, Ben.
Joey Tribbiani: So you've just married the one time then?
Ross Geller: Well umm...
Kristen Leigh: You've been married twice?
Ross Geller: Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Kristen Leigh: You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Kristen Leigh: Do you two know each other?
Joey Tribbiani: No. No.
Joey Tribbiani: No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Joey Tribbiani: Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
Ross Geller: Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
Joey Tribbiani: Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Ross Geller: Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
Joey Tribbiani: Monkey lover!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: When do you think we lost her?
Ross Geller: Probably around gonorrhea.
