unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Well, it's official there are no good movies.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Well, let's go to a bad one and make out.
Monica Geller: Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, so that you can bunny bump against my back.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey, man. What's up?
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Chandler Bing: Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me!
Joey Tribbiani: How is it you?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Joey Tribbiani: Yep, that's my audition.
Monica Geller: See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
Phoebe Buffay: Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
Janice Litman Goralnik: What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
Phoebe Buffay: That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
Phoebe Buffay: What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .
Joey Tribbiani: What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Joey Tribbiani: Hang up, hang up.
Phoebe Buffay: 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Chandler Bing: Is anybody else scared?
Phoebe Buffay: 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
Chandler Bing: Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
Monica Geller: Oh, now you want a pad.
