unknown: nan
Janice Litman Goralnik: So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
Chandler Bing: 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
Chandler Bing: Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Chandler Bing: Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
Chandler Bing: Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Janice Litman Goralnik: We should?
Chandler Bing: Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Janice Litman Goralnik: I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
Chandler Bing: I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Janice Litman Goralnik: You probably want us to move in together?
Chandler Bing: It doesn't scare me!
Janice Litman Goralnik: Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Chandler Bing: Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
