unknown: nan
Carol Willick: Hey!!
Ross Geller: There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
Carol Willick: He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
Susan Bunch: He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
Ross Geller: Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
Susan Bunch: So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
Carol Willick: This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Ross Geller: You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
Rachel Green: Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?
Monica Geller: I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
Joey Tribbiani: I love that movie.
Monica Geller: There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Chandler Bing: Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Chandler Bing: Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Rachel Green: What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
Chandler Bing: Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Ross Geller: And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
Chandler Bing: Noo.
Ross Geller: You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Chandler Bing: No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Rachel Green: Men are unbelievable.
Monica Geller: What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
Chandler Bing: I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Monica Geller: Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you know about that?!
Chandler Bing: Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Where there is no fear of commitment.
Chandler Bing: Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Rachel Green: Amazingly, that makes sense.
Chandler Bing: You think?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
