Monica Geller: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Joey Tribbiani: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Chandler Bing: All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Phoebe Buffay: Wait, does he eat chalk?
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Monica Geller: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Chandler Bing: Sounds like a date to me.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
#ALL#: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.
Chandler Bing: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Joey Tribbiani: Instead of...?
Chandler Bing: That's right.
Joey Tribbiani: Never had that dream.
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Chandler Bing: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Monica Geller: And they weren't looking at you before?!
Chandler Bing: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Monica Geller: Are you okay, sweetie?
Ross Geller: I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Chandler Bing: Cookie?
Monica Geller: Carol moved her stuff out today.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh.
Monica Geller: Let me get you some coffee.
Ross Geller: Thanks.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! Oh!
Ross Geller: No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Phoebe Buffay: Fine! Be murky!
Ross Geller: I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
Monica Geller: No you don't.
Ross Geller: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Joey Tribbiani: And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Ross Geller: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
Chandler Bing: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud?
Ross Geller: I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
Monica Geller: Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Ross Geller: Sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
Ross Geller: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: And I just want a million dollars!
Monica Geller: Rachel?!
Rachel Green: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Waitress: Can I get you some coffee?
Monica Geller: De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Rachel Green: Hi, sure!
Ross Geller: Hi.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Rachel Green: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Monica Geller: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Rachel Green: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
