Rachel Green: Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Chandler Bing: That is amazing.
Joey Tribbiani: Congratulations.
Rachel Green: Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
Chandler Bing: If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Joey Tribbiani: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
Monica Geller: Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
#ALL#: Morning. Good morning.
Paul the Wine Guy: Morning.
Joey Tribbiani: Morning, Paul.
Rachel Green: Hello, Paul.
Chandler Bing: Hi, Paul, is it?
unknown: nan
Paul the Wine Guy: Thank you! Thank you so much!
Monica Geller: Stop!
Paul the Wine Guy: No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
Monica Geller: We'll talk later.
Paul the Wine Guy: Yeah. Thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Monica Geller: Shut up, and put my table back.
#ALL#: Okayyy!
Chandler Bing: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Rachel Green: So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Monica Geller: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I'm an actor.
Rachel Green: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Joey Tribbiani: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Monica Geller: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
Joey Tribbiani: Look, it was a job all right?
Chandler Bing: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Joey Tribbiani: I will not take this abuse.
Chandler Bing: You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Joey Tribbiani: You should both know, that he's a dead man. Oh, Chandler?
Monica Geller: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Rachel Green: I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
Monica Geller: I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah.
Monica Geller: Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Rachel Green: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Monica Geller: Big time!
Rachel Green: Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Monica Geller: I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Rachel Green: Oh, look, wish me luck!
Monica Geller: What for?
Rachel Green: I'm gonna go get one of those job things.
unknown: nan
