Monica Geller: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Chandler Bing: Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
Ross Geller: I'll have whatever Christine is having.
Rachel Green: Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Joey Tribbiani: I say push her down the stairs.
Chandler Bing: Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross Geller: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel Green: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica Geller: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Rachel Green: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Phoebe Buffay: Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
Rachel Green: I'm all better now.
Phoebe Buffay: I helped!
Monica Geller: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Joey Tribbiani: And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Monica Geller: Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Joey Tribbiani: What, like there's a rule or something?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Paul the Wine Guy: It's, uh, it's Paul.
Monica Geller: Oh God, is it 6:30? Buzz him in!
Joey Tribbiani: Who's Paul?
Ross Geller: Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
Monica Geller: Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Ross Geller: He finally asked you out?
Monica Geller: Yes!
Chandler Bing: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Monica Geller: Rach, wait, I can cancel...
Rachel Green: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Monica Geller: Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Ross Geller: That'd be good...
Monica Geller: Really?
Ross Geller: No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
Phoebe Buffay: What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
#ALL#: Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Monica Geller: Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Ross Geller: A wandering?
Monica Geller: Change! Okay, sit down. Two seconds.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Paul!
Paul the Wine Guy: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Monica Geller: Shut up, Joey!
Ross Geller: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Rachel Green: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Ross Geller: Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
Chandler Bing: Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Rachel Green: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
Ross Geller: Okay, sure.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
