unknown: nan
Cecilia: So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay! All right!
Cecilia: No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay. Okay.
Cecilia: Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Cecilia: I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Cecilia: I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Joey Tribbiani: Like-like what?
Cecilia: Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
Joey Tribbiani: Wow!
Cecilia: But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Cecilia: You think I'm hot?
Joey Tribbiani: You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Cecilia: Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
Cecilia: No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Okay.
Cecilia: That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
