unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Rachel Green: Ohh...
Ross Geller: What's the matter? You okay?
Rachel Green: Yeah, it's just y'know...
Chandler Bing: Monica said wedding.
Monica Geller: Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Rachel Green: Oh! I would love to read a poem.
Chandler Bing: Do you think you could get through a poem?
Rachel Green: It'll be a short one.
Monica Geller: Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Rachel Green: Ohhh...
Ross Geller: Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
Chandler Bing: Too?
Ross Geller: Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Monica Geller: Do you mind telling us what it is?
Ross Geller: Sorry, I'm kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
Chandler Bing: Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
#ALL#: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and...
Monica Geller: What is DOOL?
Joey Tribbiani: Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you're not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
#ALL#: Oh!!
Chandler Bing: That's great!
Joey Tribbiani: And-and-and not only that, I'm gettin' a new brain!!
Chandler Bing: So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Rachel Green: Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Ross Geller: What? A brain transplant?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
Ross Geller: It's ridiculous!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
Ross Geller: It's winter, they are fewer people on the street.
Monica Geller: Who are they killing off?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart.
Monica Geller: Noo!!
Monica Geller: She's my favorite character on DOOL.
Joey Tribbiani: Nice.
Rachel Green: She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
Monica Geller: And the way she slaps all the time!
Rachel Green: Oh!
Monica Geller: Wouldn't you love to do it just once?!
Chandler Bing: Don't do it.
Rachel Green: Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Ross Geller: Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
