Judy Geller: Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Monica Geller: Curry.
Judy Geller: Mmmm!
Ross Geller: I- I think they're great! I, I really do.
Ross Geller: Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she?
Judy Geller: They all had a thing for him.
Ross Geller: Aw, Mom...
Monica Geller: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
Judy Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
Monica Geller: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Judy Geller: Well, they don't have to know that...
Monica Geller: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Judy Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
Monica Geller: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
unknown: nan
Judy Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Ross Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Judy Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
Monica Geller: What's that supposed to mean?
Judy Geller: Nothing! It's an expression.
Monica Geller: No it's not.
Ross Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Monica Geller: So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Ross Geller: Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
unknown: nan
Judy Geller: And you knew about this?!
