Chandler Bing: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Phoebe Buffay: ...Then I've already seen this one!
Monica Geller: Are you through with that?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Monica Geller: Whose little ball of paper is this?!
Chandler Bing: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
Monica Geller: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Chandler Bing: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Phoebe Buffay: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Monica Geller: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Chandler Bing: Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
#ALL#: Eeaagh!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, it's beautiful.
Rachel Green: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
Phoebe Buffay: No, look, don't touch that!
Rachel Green: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Monica Geller: Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
Chandler Bing: Oh! Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Phoebe Buffay: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Chandler Bing: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Rachel Green: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Chandler Bing: ...Dinah?
Rachel Green: Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Monica Geller: You didn't.
Rachel Green: Oh, I am sorry...
Monica Geller: I gave you one job!
Rachel Green: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Chandler Bing: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Monica Geller: I just... can't do it.
Chandler Bing: Boys? We're going in.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: .....Hi.
Monica Geller: Wow. That is not a happy hi.
Ross Geller: Carol's pregnant.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! I found it!
Monica Geller: W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Ross Geller: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now.
Chandler Bing: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Rachel Green: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Ross Geller: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Phoebe Buffay: She is so great! I miss her.
Monica Geller: What does she mean by 'involved'?
Chandler Bing: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Ross Geller: Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
Rachel Green: So what are you gonna do?
Ross Geller: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: .....Well, this is still ruined, right?
