unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Here you go.
Rachel Green: Oh, y'know what, I didn't want cinnamon on this.
Ross Geller: Sorry.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Frank! Hi!
Frank Buffay Jr.: How are you?
Phoebe Buffay: What are you doing here?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Phoebe Buffay: What happened?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
Phoebe Buffay: But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well, we got into a fight 'cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.
Phoebe Buffay: Your getting married?!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh, yeah!
#ALL#: Wow!
Phoebe Buffay: My little brother's getting married!!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Phoebe Buffay: Do I?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Do you?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I do, yeah.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
Monica Geller: Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
Phoebe Buffay: What, he's 18.
Ross Geller: Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
Chandler Bing: Always illegal Joe.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fiance, Mrs. Knight.
Alice Knight: Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Alice Knight: And he was my best student.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah, she was my best teacher.
Alice Knight: Ohhh.
Chandler Bing: If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Ross Geller: And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Alice Knight: Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh my God!! Great!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
Frank Buffay Jr.: I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Alice Knight: Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
Alice Knight: Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
unknown: nan
