unknown: nan
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.
Phoebe Buffay: What umm, what happened?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, sweetie, oh.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Frank Buffay Jr.: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, but.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
