unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, here are the birthday candles. Where's the birthday cake?
Monica Geller: Ok, we're not having birthday cake, we're having birthday flan.
Chandler Bing: Excuse me?
Monica Geller: It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh that's nice. Happy birthday Rachel, here's some goo.
Monica Geller: Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?
Leonard Green: What? The father can't drop by to see the daughter on her birthday?
Monica Geller: No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
Leonard Green: Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
Monica Geller: No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
Leonard Green: I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
Chandler Bing: This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
Sandra Green: Hi Monica.
Monica Geller: Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.
Chandler Bing: So, basically just a Chinese guy.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
Leonard Green: Alright, that sounds like a two person job.
Sandra Green: Well, my goodness, what was that?
Monica Geller: Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.
Sandra Green: You thought I was Rachel?
Chandler Bing: Yes because uh, you look so young.
Phoebe Buffay: And because you're both, you know, white women.
Sandra Green: Oh, I missed you kids. Well, should I put my coat in the bedroom?
Chandler Bing: NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Sandra Green: Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Phoebe Buffay: Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Chandler Bing: Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Monica Geller: So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.
Chandler Bing: Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?
Monica Geller: Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.
Joey Tribbiani: Right this is staging.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area.
Joey Tribbiani: This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
