unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
Joey Tribbiani: Quick volleyball question.
Chandler Bing: Volleyball.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Chandler Bing: Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
Girl's Voice: Dennis.
Chandler Bing: Ok, that's me.
Rachel Green: Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Ross Geller: Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Rachel Green: Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Monica Geller: Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Ross Geller: Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
Leonard Green: It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
Ross Geller: I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Monica Geller: Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
Gunther: I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
Monica Geller: No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
Phoebe Buffay: Listen if you wanna go, just go.
Gunther: No, she'll yell at me again.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, I can get you out.
Gunther: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
Leonard Green: I think I need a drink.
Ross Geller: Oh, here, I, I'll get it for ya. Whad'ya want?
Leonard Green: Scotch.
Ross Geller: Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.
Leonard Green: Neat.
Ross Geller: Cool.
Leonard Green: No no no, no no no, neat, as in no rocks.
Ross Geller: I know.
Leonard Green: Oh hello Ross, where have you been?
Ross Geller: Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the salmon mousse.
Sandra Green: Oh, scotch neat. Ya know, that's Rachel's father's drink.
Ross Geller: Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Leonard Green: I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.
Ross Geller: No. no.
Leonard Green: Whad'ya mean no?
Ross Geller: No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Leonard Green: Get my glasses too.
Ross Geller: All righty roo. What a great moment to say that for the first time.
Monica Geller: Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a coaster?
Monica Geller: What? I don't see anything.
Phoebe Buffay: Great, I'm seeing water rings again.
Judy Geller: Ross, whose glasses are those?
Ross Geller: Mine.
Sandra Green: You wear bi-focals?
Ross Geller: Um-hmm. I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.
Sandra Green: Did you know my husband has glasses just like that?
Rachel Green: Well those are very popular frames.
Ross Geller: Neil Sedaka wears them.
Guy: I hear you can get people out of here.
Sandra Green: Rachel, you didn't tell me your boyfriend smoked.
Rachel Green: Yeah, like a chimney.
Ross Geller: Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
Leonard Green: Are you wearing my glasses?
Ross Geller: Yes. I was just warming up the earpieces for you.
Leonard Green: Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?
Ross Geller: Yeah, yes it is, I was just moistening the tip.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
Girl 1: What about my friend Victor?
Phoebe Buffay: No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Girl 1: Alright, let me just get my coat.
Phoebe Buffay: There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
Girl 1: Is it true they have beer?
Phoebe Buffay: Everything you've heard is true.
Monica Geller: Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Monica Geller: You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
Gunther: Um
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, welcome to the fu-oh.
Monica Geller: Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Monica Geller: Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Rachel Green: You want me to see a therapist?
Sandra Green: Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Rachel Green: Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Leonard Green: Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Rachel Green: Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
Sandra Green: You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
Leonard Green: You work and you work and you work on a boat...
Sandra Green: He always ridiculed my pottery classs...
Leonard Green: ...and you sand it and you varnish it...
Sandra Green: ...but when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.
Leonard Green: ...and her yoga and her Bridges of Madison County...
Sandra Green: ...the scotch and the cigarettes...
Leonard Green: ...and the bansai's and the chiuaua...
Sandra Green: ...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
Leonard Green: ...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
