Rachel Green: Hey. Got a second?
Barry Farber: Sure, sure. Come on... ...in...
Mindy Hunter: Hello, sweetheart.
Barry Farber: Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?
Rachel Green: Uh, we are here to break up with you.
Barry Farber: Both of you?
Mindy Hunter: Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.
Barry Farber: I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!
Rachel Green: Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
Barry Farber: ....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.
Rachel Green: Even when we were having sex in that chair?
Barry Farber: I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.
Rachel Green: Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Mindy Hunter: You did it twice?
Rachel Green: Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Mindy Hunter: Okay...
Barry Farber: Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Bernice: Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Barry Farber: Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Mindy Hunter: Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
Rachel Green: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Mindy Hunter: Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Rachel Green: Oh God.
Mindy Hunter: I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
Rachel Green: And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
