Chandler Bing: I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Monica Geller: So have you called her yet?
Chandler Bing: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.
Monica Geller: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, God, just do it! Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Chandler Bing: Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. I got her machine.
Joey Tribbiani: Her answer machine?
Chandler Bing: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Phoebe Buffay: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Chandler Bing: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Monica Geller: Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Ross Geller: Okay, okay, what's going on?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, they're just talking...
Ross Geller: Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Phoebe Buffay: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Ross Geller: What? What? What?!
Phoebe Buffay: That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! Oh!
Chandler Bing: And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
#ALL#: Oh!... Right!
Chandler Bing: Hey Rach!
Monica Geller: How'd it go?
Rachel Green: Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Phoebe Buffay: Not a good day for birds...
Rachel Green: Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Ross Geller: That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Rachel Green: Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Ross Geller: That's, that's nice twice!
Monica Geller: Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Joey Tribbiani: Duh, where've you been?
Rachel Green: Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yes!
Rachel Green: Why?
Chandler Bing: I have my reasons.
Monica Geller: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Rachel Green: All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
