unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Oh! It's you. Hi.
Ross Geller: Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
Rachel Green: Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so...
Ross Geller: So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: I know if you were getting married I'd feel, kinda..... y'know.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I'm okay.
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: All right, I just wanted to check.
Rachel Green: Oh, that's sweet.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: You're great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Rachel Green: Uhh, hang in there?
Ross Geller: Oh, no, I didn't mean, uh...
Rachel Green: I mean maybe you didn't hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
Ross Geller: Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Rachel Green: Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Ross Geller: Oh. Yeah?
Rachel Green: Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Ross Geller: Wow, that's-that's-that's incredible.
Rachel Green: I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
Ross Geller: Uh-huh.
Rachel Green: You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
Ross Geller: I gotta get to work.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah? Fine.
Ross Geller: Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, no, what's that?
Ross Geller: If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Rachel Green: That would be great!
Ross Geller: Yeah, all right, it's a date.
Rachel Green: Hang in there. You hang in there.
Ross Geller: Did you say something?
Rachel Green: No, just singing.
