unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
Gunther: You don't need to fill these silences.
Chandler Bing: Oh, okay, thanks.
Monica Geller: Chandler, that's like your fourth cup of coffee!
Chandler Bing: Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Monica Geller: He's in a different room! He's really that loud?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, you should here me.
Chandler Bing: It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
Chandler Bing: They don't have those.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
Monica Geller: Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
Joey Tribbiani: Ohhh, yeah!
Monica Geller: He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Chandler Bing: Next time you snore, I'm rolling ya over!
Joey Tribbiani: I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
Ross Geller: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey, all right!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, the Olympics.
Monica Geller: Have you guys picked a date yet?
Ross Geller: Oh no, not yet.
Phoebe Buffay: I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Ross Geller: Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Monica Geller: Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
Ross Geller: Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Phoebe Buffay: Already?!
Ross Geller: Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
Monica Geller: I'll pick it up for you!
Ross Geller: Thank you.
Monica Geller: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses... Wah-pah!
Ross Geller: What's wah-pah?
Chandler Bing: Y'know, whipped! Wah-pah!
Joey Tribbiani: That's not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
Chandler Bing: That's what I did. Wah-pah!
Joey Tribbiani: You can't do anything!
