unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Did someone drop the baton again?
Chandler Bing: Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?
Monica Geller: I don't get older. I just get better!
Chandler Bing: You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Monica Geller: You don't know that.
Chandler Bing: Somebody is gonna pick us.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks!
Chandler Bing: I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. What, he's my favourite author!
Monica Geller: Name one of his books.
Chandler Bing: "The Firm"?
Monica Geller: Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready...
Chandler Bing: You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
Monica Geller: Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do.
Chandler Bing: I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Monica Geller: Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.
Chandler Bing: Tell me more.
Monica Geller: Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these Not with soap!!
Chandler Bing: You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes!
Ross Geller: Hey! Hey, guess what Joey has!
Joey Tribbiani: Three tickets to today's Rangers game!!
Ross Geller: Dude, I wanted him to guess.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, they're great seats too!
Ross Geller: Guess where they are?
Joey Tribbiani: Center ice.
Ross Geller: Did I do something to you?
Chandler Bing: Hmm, the game's at one.
Ross Geller: So?
Chandler Bing: Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
Joey Tribbiani: So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time.
Chandler Bing: You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, two times that happened!
Chandler Bing: Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Ross Geller: He's right, man.
Joey Tribbiani: Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.
Chandler Bing: Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Joey Tribbiani: That's some gentle comedy, dude.
Ross Geller: We're still going at the game, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
