unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Do you hear something?
Chandler Bing: They're out there!
Monica Geller: Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking!
Chandler Bing: Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Monica Geller: Oooh! They are in for a world of pain!
Chandler Bing: Ross' shirt is torn.
Monica Geller: Oh! They're late and they're sloppy!
Rachel Green: Alright, Emma is napping... what happened to your shirt?
Ross Geller: I got mugged. And they stole my pocket.
Phoebe Buffay: We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about this: We can say that Monica told us 5 o'clock, not 4 o'clock. That way we're right on time! OR... or, we can plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her.
Ross Geller: That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around.
Rachel Green: You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time.
Ross Geller: We know you're out there.
Joey Tribbiani: Who do you think its from?
Rachel Green: Oh, God. This is bad. This is so bad.
Ross Geller: Well, let's just go in there and face them.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.
Joey Tribbiani: I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning.
Rachel Green: Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. Ready? .
Joey Tribbiani: Ah-haah! I win!!
Ross Geller: What is that?
Joey Tribbiani: That's fire. Beats everything.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, really? Does it beat water balloon? .
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.
Rachel Green: Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time.
#ALL#: Alright, okay.
Phoebe Buffay: It's locked.
Ross Geller: Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its like: "Come on in, my butt is surprisingly hairy".
Rachel Green: Alright, come on... Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together.
Monica Geller: No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... what happens to cranberry sauce?
Monica Geller: Nothing. It's fine.
Chandler Bing: Oh thank God!
Ross Geller: Come on you guys, we're sorry, alri...? Our subway broke down.
Chandler Bing: That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand.
Ross Geller: FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!!
Rachel Green: You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey.
Joey Tribbiani: I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that.
Monica Geller: That's all the turkey you're gonna get.
Ross Geller: How are we gonna decide who gets this?
Joey Tribbiani: WATER BALLOON!
Phoebe Buffay: What are we gonna do? I'm starving.
Rachel Green: Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah!
Monica Geller: Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry.
Chandler Bing: Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it.
Rachel Green: Huh... OH MY GOD IT'S BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
Ross Geller: That's worse than no food.
Chandler Bing: HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Monica Geller: Stinky?!
Chandler Bing: Please let me stay on this side of the door.
Rachel Green: Oh, I know... I still have my old key! We can just unlock the door.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
Rachel Green: You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together.
Joey Tribbiani: Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
Ross Geller: I don't know...
Joey Tribbiani: I'm telling ya... I can do it.
Ross Geller: Yeah, he can do it!
Rachel Green: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! It all looks so beautiful: the turkey, the stuffing...
Chandler Bing: The cranberries...?
Monica Geller: Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible.
Chandler Bing: He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on you guys, we want you to know we're very very sorry. Right guys?
Ross Geller: I feel terrible.
Phoebe Buffay: So, so sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Chandler Bing: The floating heads do make a good point.
Monica Geller: Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad.
Rachel Green: So bad.
Ross Geller: So bad.
Phoebe Buffay: So bad.
Monica Geller: Okay, okay. You two go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.
Rachel Green: Dessert?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize . Here! .
Monica Geller: Grand Supreme Little Darling?
Rachel Green: Congratulatioooons!
Monica Geller: Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
Ross Geller: Really girls, not cool.
Chandler Bing: Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
Ross Geller: It's a day to be thankful.
Joey Tribbiani: Don't make me come up there!
Monica Geller: It's too late for apologies.
Joey Tribbiani: Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner.
Chandler Bing: That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
Rachel Green: Ewww, is that what that is?
Joey Tribbiani: Sorry!
Phoebe Buffay: Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving.
Rachel Green: Yeah! I'll cook!
Ross Geller: Yeah! Let's go out.
Rachel Green: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
Monica Geller: The three of us?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein!
Joey Tribbiani: Ha!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh! I'm stuck!
Monica Geller: Joey, that is not gonna work.
Joey Tribbiani: No seriously... I'm really wedged in here.
Phoebe Buffay: I'll pull you through.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head.
Chandler Bing: A little late for that.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something.
Monica Geller: Alright, well, this does not change anything. Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face.
Chandler Bing: Uhm, we've got turkey grease.
Monica Geller: Bring it.
Joey Tribbiani: I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
Monica Geller: Here you go!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, that smells good!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Monica Geller: Okay, try it.
Joey Tribbiani: It isn't working.
Monica Geller: Alright, we're gonna have to unscrew the chain.
Joey Tribbiani: Well hurry, I can't feel my ears!
Chandler Bing: Can you ever feel your ears?
Joey Tribbiani: Interesting...
Monica Geller: Chandler, where are your tools?
Chandler Bing: Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools!
Monica Geller: I do, but Rachel borrowed them.
Rachel Green: I lent them to Ross.
Ross Geller: I gave them to Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: I left them at the park.
Monica Geller: Oh!
Ross Geller: I'm finding it really hard not to mess with him.
Phoebe Buffay: I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants.
Ross Geller: Nice!
Monica Geller: Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken.
Joey Tribbiani: It's really starting to hurt.
Chandler Bing: Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Phoebe Buffay: Just a sec., we're kind in the middle of something here.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
Chandler Bing: Come on guys, PUSH!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Come on!
Chandler Bing: PUSH! PUSH! PUSH!
Chandler Bing: My cranberries!
Joey Tribbiani: Man, I've got food all over me.
Chandler Bing: Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you!
Chandler Bing: Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
Monica Geller: I don't care.
Chandler Bing: What's going on?
Monica Geller: That was the adoption agency...
Chandler Bing: And?
Monica Geller: WE'RE GETTING A BABY!
Chandler Bing: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: There's a pregnant woman in Ohio, and she picked us!
Rachel Green: I'm so happy for you!
Monica Geller: This Thanksgiving kicks last Thanksgiving's ass!
