unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
Rachel Green: Time is money my friend?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street butt.'
Monica Geller: Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?
Joey Tribbiani: Well uh, I had breakfast here so technically I saved $3.50.
Rachel Green: How did you make $17.
Monica Geller: Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
Joey Tribbiani: How come those?
Monica Geller: Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
Rachel Green: What happened to uh, MEG.?
Monica Geller: MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
Joey Tribbiani: That is so not my motto.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog?
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.
Joey Tribbiani: Good.
Rachel Green: Oh, thank God.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Rachel Green: Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Phoebe Buffay: I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Listen, just don't say anything about me, ok.
Monica Geller: DON'T...be too long with the phone.
Rachel Green: She'll be a much better friend when the market closes.
Joey Tribbiani: It's a woman.
Phoebe Buffay: So talk to her.
Joey Tribbiani: Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye.
Rachel Green: Why the voice.
Joey Tribbiani: Hard to say.
