unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
Mrs. Buffay: Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?
Phoebe Buffay: It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
Mrs. Buffay: What are these, stitches?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
Mrs. Buffay: Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure, oh, is, is Frank home.
Mrs. Buffay: How do you know Frank?
Phoebe Buffay: Just from a, from a long time ago. Is he here?
Mrs. Buffay: Yeah. Frank.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah. What?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior.
Mrs. Buffay: He went out for groceries.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok so will he be back soon?
Mrs. Buffay: Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, I'm, I'm gonna go. I'm sorry about the dog, everything. I'm sorry.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hey lady. Hey wait up. How do you know my dad?
Phoebe Buffay: Um well I don't really. Just genetically. He's kinda my dad too.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Heavy.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. So um, did he ever talk about me, Phoebe?
Frank Buffay Jr.: No but he didn't really talk about anything.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Except stilts.
Phoebe Buffay: Stilts?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know what to do with that.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Me neither. So you're like my big sister.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Frank Buffay Jr.: This is huge, you can buy me beer.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'
Frank Buffay Jr.: I gotta friend named Mark.
Phoebe Buffay: That'll work too.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call sometime, we could talk or somethin'.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, that'd be ok.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Alright.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, I'm in the book.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Ok, yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright. So um, stilts huh?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok.
