unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh!
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: It kicked! I think the baby kicked!
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Monica Geller: Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
Monica Geller: Yeah. Run ten blocks, that'll help the smell.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey-whoa, slow down. No, keep moving. Wow!
Monica Geller: So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
Rachel Green: Well, I didn't see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Rachel Green: The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
Rachel Green: No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
Monica Geller: So you hit her in the face?
Rachel Green: No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
Phoebe Buffay: Aww, Pheebs.
Rachel Green: Honey, that's you're name.
Phoebe Buffay: That's short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey! You're wearing pants!
Chandler Bing: That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Monica Geller: It's 9:30 in the morning!
Chandler Bing: They got a breakfast buffet.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hello. Oh, hey Ross!
Chandler Bing: Ooh, let me talk to him!
Monica Geller: Oh-oh, my God!
Chandler Bing: Well, can I just...
Monica Geller: Shh!! Wait, what?
Chandler Bing: She's shhing me! It's my phone and she's shhing me!
Phoebe Buffay: Shhh!! Please! What's he saying?
Monica Geller: He's with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!
Phoebe Buffay: What? Oh my God!
Rachel Green: What? Who the hell is Emily- noooo!!
