unknown: nan
Rachel Green: They're in Vermont!! How could this happen?!
Chandler Bing: Ow!
Rachel Green: How-how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!
Chandler Bing: Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
Emily Waltham: Ross! Come quickly! There's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Ross Geller: I've gotta go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: He had to go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
Rachel Green: I don't get this! She was horrible!
Chandler Bing: Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
Monica Geller: Why do you care so much anyway?
Rachel Green: I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Monica Geller: Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Rachel Green: Oh, y'know, would you just for once, not remember every...little...thing!!
Chandler Bing: So y'know, uh, when's he getting back?
Monica Geller: A couple of days.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I knew something like this was going to happen.
Monica Geller: What are you doing?! Chandler! You can't just go back a phase!
Chandler Bing: Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
Monica Geller: Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
Chandler Bing: No you can't.
Phoebe Buffay: Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
Chandler Bing: You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry.
