unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Ross Geller: Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-hey!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Catch any big fish?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
#ALL#: Oh! God! Wow!
Monica Geller: You stink!
Ross Geller: Are you kidding?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
Ross Geller: He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey buddy! How's it going?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Rachel Green: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey, Monica!
Monica Geller: Uh-oh, what's the matter?
Rachel Green: Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Monica Geller: I don't know sweetie.
Rachel Green: No! Help me!
Monica Geller: I can't! I have to work!
Rachel Green: Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
Rachel Green: Ugh!
Phoebe Buffay: Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Rachel Green: Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Monica Geller: No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Rachel Green: Ohh! Hi!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: So....
Ross Geller: No.
Rachel Green: Ohhhh, come on!!!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I think she's here.
Rachel Green: No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
Ross Geller: You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Monica Geller: Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Woman: Hello!
Rachel Green: I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Ross Geller: All right, I'll do it.
Rachel Green: Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Emily?
Emily Waltham: Yes.
Rachel Green: I'm Rachel Green.
Emily Waltham: Thank goodness.
Rachel Green: There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Emily Waltham: Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Rachel Green: Oh well, no I...
Emily Waltham: Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Monica Geller: I-I-I think you look great.
Emily Waltham: Good night, it was very nice to meet you all.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I'll get her.
Ross Geller: Please hurry.
Phoebe Buffay: Don't you just love the way they talk?!
