unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
Rachel Green: I can't believe it! He still hasn't called.
Phoebe Buffay: Who, Josh?
Rachel Green: It's Joshua.
Monica Geller: What, he doesn't like Josh?
Rachel Green: No, I don't.
Chandler Bing: All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: And do you know what girls are really good at?
Chandler Bing: Stripping!
Phoebe Buffay: No, listening! Sit! Y'know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.
Rachel Green: Yeah, come on! What's going in on in there?
Monica Geller: Yeah. And y'know, if you wanna cry, that's okay too.
Chandler Bing: Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Monica Geller: Come on! Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Monica Geller: They really were pretty, weren't they?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.
Monica Geller: Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
Rachel Green: See, I don't know, for me it would have to Chantal.
Monica Geller: Oh, Chantal!
Rachel Green: Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh...
Chandler Bing: Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
Monica Geller: Really?!
Chandler Bing: I am totally picturing you with all those women!
Monica Geller: That's-that's not Phase Three.
Chandler Bing: Well, I'm there too!
Rachel Green: Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
Chandler Bing: Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! What is that? What is that?
Chandler Bing: Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
