unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Haha! Got ya! Die, die, die!
Ross Geller: Respectfully, professor R. Geller. , closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa) Hey!
Charlie Wheeler: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey, how was the Met?
Charlie Wheeler: The museum was amazing!
Ross Geller: Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh?
Charlie Wheeler: Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to say, and some of it didn't even make any sense.
Ross Geller: What do you mean?
Charlie Wheeler: Well, for one, he was talking about paintings that were nowhere around.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute... when you guys walked into the Met, did you go to the right?
Charlie Wheeler: No, we went to the left.
Ross Geller: Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah, it's fun .
Ross Geller: What?
Charlie Wheeler: Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really know me that well; it would be weird.
Ross Geller: What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on.
Charlie Wheeler: Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common with. You know what I mean?
Ross Geller: Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah, I guess that's true.
Ross Geller: And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.
Charlie Wheeler: He is very sweet. Plus he's hot!
Ross Geller: That was going to be my next argument.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Charlie Wheeler: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: You're ready?
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah, let's go. Thanks Ross.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me up.
Ross Geller: Glad I could help man.
Joey Tribbiani: Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... I made it work.
