unknown: nan
Monica Geller: It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
Ross Geller: Hey, I thought I'd end up kissing Charlie too ok? But SURPRISE!
Chandler Bing: I missed most of the party Charlie's a girl, right?
Ross Geller: Yes, she is this new professor of my department that I did not kiss.
Rachel Green: I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!
Ross Geller: Why do you care so much?
Monica Geller: Yes Rachel, why do you care so much?
Rachel Green: Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women! I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.
Ross Geller: Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and Joey's raw sexual magnetism... Oh, those nerds will get laaaaaid!
Rachel Green: All right, so... Ross, you're ok with all this? I mean...
Ross Geller: Yeah, it's no big deal. I mean, I just met her and I'm fine with it...
Ross Geller: Oh, God. I forgot how hot she was!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
#ALL#: Hi!
Ross Geller: I'm gonna get some more coffee.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, you know what? I'll come with you!
Ross Geller: Ok.
Chandler Bing: So, a professor, uh?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious . That's not how she used it...?
Charlie Wheeler: I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed. I really hope you don't think less of me.
Ross Geller: Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.
Charlie Wheeler: You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors, and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you know, very cerebral...
Ross Geller: Yeah, I know the type.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close? Opening credits.
