unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Ross!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: I need to talk to you about Charlie.
Ross Geller: Oh, do you, do you really?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem.
Ross Geller: Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious" means, just don't use it!
Joey Tribbiani: No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...
Ross Geller: Get to the problem!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
Ross Geller: Are you wearing two belts?
Joey Tribbiani: EH, what do you know!
Ross Geller: You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.
Joey Tribbiani: Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
Ross Geller: You know, I really don't want to get involved in you guy's relationship.
Joey Tribbiani: Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
Ross Geller: Fine.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks.
Ross Geller: Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET!
Joey Tribbiani: The Metsss!
Ross Geller: Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, that's what she meant! You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
Ross Geller: Yeah, most of it it's a place packed with confused angry baseball fans!
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.
Ross Geller: Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
Joey Tribbiani: Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!
Ross Geller: But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
Ross Geller: Ok.
Joey Tribbiani: You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
Ross Geller: Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right.
