unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Here!
Chandler Bing: What's this?
Monica Geller: It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
Chandler Bing: Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Monica Geller: We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Chandler Bing: Y'know we already went over this and I won!
Monica Geller: No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
Chandler Bing: Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Monica Geller: Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Chandler Bing: No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Monica Geller: Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Chandler Bing: He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Monica Geller: Who's Mr. Girabaldi?
Chandler Bing: Does it matter?!
Monica Geller: Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Chandler Bing: Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
Monica Geller: Yes!
Chandler Bing: So I really never get to win anymore?
Monica Geller: How much did ever really win before?
