unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel has a new doll.
Rachel Green: Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Ross Geller: Uh, hello!
Rachel Green: Hi-e!!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, what do I smell?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, it smells good.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh!
Monica Geller: Please, have some!
Ross Geller: Oh, yumm!
Monica Geller: Yeah, I've just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow! The new Playboy!
Monica Geller: Yeah, it's just something I picked up.
Ross Geller: Cookies and porn, you're the best mom ever!!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: What? What?
Rachel Green: Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.
Ross Geller: Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
Rachel Green: It's Joshua.
Ross Geller: Oh, whatever.
Monica Geller: Wait! Wait! This isn't take-out!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I hate to eat and run, but...
Monica Geller: No, wait, please don't go! I've got porn for you too!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I don't need it.
Monica Geller: People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Rachel Green: Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Monica Geller: I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Monica Geller: 'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
Phoebe Buffay: If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
Rachel Green: Yeah, that's true.
Monica Geller: All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
#ALL#: What?!
Ross Geller: So you were right?
Chandler Bing: I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! I don't live here!
Ross Geller: Chandler!
Rachel Green: Chandler, what did she say?
Phoebe Buffay: Wait a minute.
Joey Tribbiani: Come here.
Monica Geller: Are you sure?
Chandler Bing: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
Rachel Green: Beefsteak Charlie's?
Chandler Bing: Yes! See you and I have always been like-
