unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Whoops. Oh, hey, do you need help with that?
Monica Geller: Nah, I got it.
Rachel Green: Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
#ALL#: Hey!
Rachel Green: So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Phoebe Buffay: Why don't you ask him out?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, totally! That's such a turn-on!
Rachel Green: Really? It doesn't seem desperate?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-ooh, that's the turn-on.
Phoebe Buffay: He just got a divorce right?
Rachel Green: Hmm-mmm.
Phoebe Buffay: So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Rachel Green: Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
Phoebe Buffay: You've never asked a guy out?!!
Rachel Green: No. Have you?
Phoebe Buffay: Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
Rachel Green: I don't even know how I would go about it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, please!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, how you doin'?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Phoebe Buffay: I've never done that.
Rachel Green: Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
Rachel Green: Really?! You think that will work?
Joey Tribbiani: Absolutely! And if it doesn't, can I get the extra ticket?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What the heck is that?
unknown: nan
