unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
Leonard Green: They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
Ross Geller: It gives it a nice antiquey look.
Leonard Green: Rust, is boat cancer, Ross.
Ross Geller: Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that.
Leonard Green: Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Okay!
Rachel Green: Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Ross Geller: Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Rachel Green: Yeah. That's Daddy.
Ross Geller: That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
Rachel Green: Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Ross Geller: So?
Rachel Green: So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
Ross Geller: You really serve people sneezers?
Rachel Green: Well um, I don't.
Leonard Green: You kids ready?
Ross Geller: Thanks again, Dr. Green.
Leonard Green: All right.
unknown: nan
Leonard Green: Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, I think I forgot my receipt.
Ross Geller: Oh, ah, you don't need that.
Leonard Green: Why not?
Ross Geller: The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
Leonard Green: What is this? Who put a twenty down here? Huh?
Ross Geller: Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
Rachel Green: Yeah it is, it is. We really, really have to do something about that.
Ross Geller: I know.
Leonard Green: Excuse me, you think I'm cheap?
Rachel Green: Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Ross Geller: Nothing I do means anything, really.
Leonard Green: This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Ross Geller: Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
