Chandler Bing: Hello Rachel.
Rachel Green: Get off.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know. What are you wearing?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Phoebe Buffay: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Chandler Bing: Pirates again?
Phoebe Buffay: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Chandler Bing: Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
Phoebe Buffay: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Chandler Bing: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
Phoebe Buffay: I could be a secretary.
Chandler Bing: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Phoebe Buffay: I could do that.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What are you playing with?
Ross Geller: Oh, it's my new beeper.
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Monica Geller: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
Ross Geller: No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
Chandler Bing: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Monica Geller: All right, I'll see you guys later.
Rachel Green: Off to see young Ethan?
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Monica Geller: He's... our age.
Chandler Bing: When we were?
Monica Geller: Okay, he's a senior in college.
Ross Geller: College?
Chandler Bing: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Monica Geller: No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
#ALL#: What?
Monica Geller: Oh, I can't pass for 22?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, maybe 25-26.
Monica Geller: I am 26.
Phoebe Buffay: There you go.
