Monica Geller: Did not.
Ethan: I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
Monica Geller: How was that possible?
Ethan: Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
Monica Geller: Okay.
unknown: nan
Ethan: Okay.
Monica Geller: Unless...
Ethan: What?
Monica Geller: Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
Ethan: Yeah, I'd really like that.
unknown: nan
Ethan: Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.
Monica Geller: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
Monica Geller: Ethan?
Ethan: Yeah?
Monica Geller: Are you a virgin?
Ethan: Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
Monica Geller: Really?
Ethan: Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right?
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Ethan: Wow!
Monica Geller: You keep saying that.
Ethan: You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Ethan: Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.
Monica Geller: No-no. Nothing wrong about that.
Ethan: Oh.
Monica Geller: Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
Ethan: Huh!
Monica Geller: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
unknown: nan
Ethan: Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Monica Geller: You're not a senior?
Ethan: Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Monica Geller: Ok...ay.
