Ross Geller: Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. Just easier that way.
Chandler Bing: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Rachel Green: No, forget it.
Chandler Bing: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Rachel Green: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
Joey Tribbiani: All right.
Ross Geller: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
Rachel Green: No.
Ross Geller: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
Rachel Green: No, it was just the three of us.
Ross Geller: Huh!
Joey Tribbiani: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Rachel Green: You know what?
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Rachel Green: There were times when it wasn't even me.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: That is so sweet, you guys.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, Mon.
Rachel Green: Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
#ALL#: Mon!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Ethan called again.
Monica Geller: Oh.
Ross Geller: Are you not seeing him anymore?
Monica Geller: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
Chandler Bing: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Joey Tribbiani: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Oh, yeah.
Monica Geller: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Chandler Bing: Sorry.
Ross Geller: It's morphin time!
Joey Tribbiani: Stegosaurus!
Chandler Bing: Tyrannosaurus!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. Cool!
Rachel Green: Where are you going?
Phoebe Buffay: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
Chandler Bing: Work people? Nobody told me.
Phoebe Buffay: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Chandler Bing: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Chandler Bing: You think I should?
Phoebe Buffay: I really do, yeah.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
