unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw...
Monica Geller: Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Rachel Green: Oh honey, but it is just about...
Ross Geller: It is! It is!
Monica Geller: No it's not! No! No! Now it's about you and Ross getting back together!
Rachel Green: What?!
Monica Geller: See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Ross Geller: Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Rachel Green: Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Monica Geller: That's true.
Rachel Green: Honey I swear it we just kissed.
Ross Geller: It was just a kiss.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Monica Geller: Thunder being stolen!!
Rachel Green: Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Ross Geller: Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Chandler Bing: I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
Phoebe Buffay: What a great night, Chandler can't do it, these guys kissed...
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Chandler Bing: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: You guys kissed! Oh my-this is huge!
Rachel Green: No!
Ross Geller: Oh no!
Rachel Green: No-no, it's really not huge.
Ross Geller: And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
Monica Geller: Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
Phoebe Buffay: Well yeah, that and Chandler's problem.
Joey Tribbiani: Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Monica Geller: Yes that would be lovely.
Joey Tribbiani: You got it. Okay. Now, I can pass for 19 right?!
Chandler Bing: Yes, you can pass for 19.
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Chandler Bing: Yes!
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously?
Chandler Bing: Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm 30!
Rachel Green: Joey, you are not! You're 31.
Joey Tribbiani: Aww crap!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
Monica Geller: Y'know what? I-I think that umm, I don't feel like going to The Plaza.
Phoebe Buffay: Why?!
Rachel Green: Honey, Monica, this is ridiculous! Look...
Monica Geller: No-no, I-I really don't want to talk about it! I don't! Especially with you.
Joey Tribbiani: Psss, that is whack!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
Joey Tribbiani: Wouldn't she?
Phoebe Buffay: Would she?
Joey Tribbiani: Would she? You ate my candy bar!
