unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I can't believe her, y'know it's just-it's so typical.
Chandler Bing: Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
Monica Geller: Paris?
Chandler Bing: We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Monica Geller: Keep talking.
Chandler Bing: Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
Monica Geller: I love you!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Bonjour, monsieur.
Chandler Bing: Okay, don't say anything, you might scare it away.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: It's Paris, who knows we're here!
Monica Geller: Hi Pheebs, what's up?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I'm just gonna need a small deposit.
Monica Geller: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
Chandler Bing: Pheebs, we're not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I see.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: They break your heart, don't they?
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, I don't really their permission.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
Joey Tribbiani: What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
Phoebe Buffay: They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
Joey Tribbiani: And that'll get rid of my wisdom?
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe just 10 minutes for you.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don't care!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Yes.
Rachel Green: Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Chandler Bing: What a great apology! And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
Rachel Green: No-no, seriously-seriously, what was the especially me part about?
Monica Geller: Well, let's just say it's not the first time you've stolen my thunder.
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: Hey, here's a thought.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Monica, what are you talking about?
Monica Geller: My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Chandler Bing: Ahh, third base.
Monica Geller: It's all everybody at the party could talk about!
Rachel Green: Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
Monica Geller: We had a characturist!
Rachel Green: Oh!!
Phoebe Buffay: "Whenever I get married, guess who won't get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!"
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Monica, your Sweet Sixteen was like a million years ago.
Monica Geller: And yet, here we are doing it again.
Rachel Green: Ugh, Monica I don't want to steal your stupid thunder!
Monica Geller: Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
Ross Geller: Got me.
Rachel Green: All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
Monica Geller: I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
Rachel Green: I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
Monica Geller: Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Ross Geller: Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
Chandler Bing: Why to save your dignity my man.
Rachel Green: Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
Monica Geller: I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Rachel Green: Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Chandler Bing: Well, somebody should.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Look uh, if we're gonna do this...
Rachel Green: We're not gonna do this, all right? She's just gonna think that we're doin' it.
Ross Geller: Oh, I see, so everybody wins.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Who is it?
Monica Geller: It's Monica, open up!
Rachel Green: Okay well Ross! Stop it please! Wait a minute!
Ross Geller: Oww!
Rachel Green: Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
Monica Geller: I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
Chandler Bing: How is that ever going to happen?!
Rachel Green: All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
Monica Geller: I know why!
Rachel Green: No you don't know why!
Monica Geller: Okay! Why?!
Rachel Green: Because! Because I was sad.
Monica Geller: What do you mean?
Rachel Green: Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I don't care, she slept with me.
Rachel Green: Anyway sweetie, I am, I'm so sorry I ruined your night.
Monica Geller: I'm sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross.
Ross Geller: Well, I'm going to take off. Congratulations man.
Chandler Bing: Thanks.
Ross Geller: And uh, Rachel.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
