unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey! Did you have the baby yet?
Rachel Green: Do you want me to come over there and sit on you? 'Cause I'll do it.
Monica Geller: What are you doing here so early?
Rachel Green: They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready for the baby." Well y'know what? Screw 'em! If they don't want me there, I'll just hang out with you guys.
Phoebe Buffay: Or you can do volunteer work.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hello?
Estelle Leonard: Joey! It's Estelle! Great news, I was able to get you and one guest tickets to your premiere.
Joey Tribbiani: One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
Estelle Leonard: Well, I sold four of them on Ebay. You'll be sitting next to HotGuy372.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God. So that's it?! I only get to bring one guest?
Estelle Leonard: Yeah, what time do you wanna pick me up? Hello?
Joey Tribbiani: Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
Rachel Green: What-what about me?
Joey Tribbiani: You said you didn't want to go.
Rachel Green: I don't. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I'm pregnant you think I'm invisible.
Joey Tribbiani: Definitely not invisible.
Monica Geller: Well, well Ross didn't care enough to be here, so I think he's out. You snooze you lose.
Chandler Bing: He's not snoozing, he's teaching a class.
Monica Geller: Well then somebody's snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here.
Chandler Bing: I haven't seen this dress.
Monica Geller: Star in a movie.
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you? Phoebe, Phoebe.
Joey Tribbiani: Well uh...I think I want to take Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Burrrrr!
Chandler Bing: You really want to take me?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Yeah! I mean I'm sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y'know Chandler always supported my career. He's paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
Chandler Bing: So you're never actually going to pay me back?
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you're gonna take him? Joey, I don't think you're comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
Joey Tribbiani: It's not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it's-it's everything. Y'know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous, and then he consoled me after I didn't get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn't believe in myself.
Chandler Bing: I always knew you were gonna make it. I'm so proud of you.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks. That means a lot to me.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna go shave.
Chandler Bing: Yeah well, I'm gonna go spit.
Rachel Green: Oh, I have to pee. If I don't come out in five minutes it's because I've choked to death on the potpourri stink.
Phoebe Buffay: When she comes out, you hold her nose, I'll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just right out of her.
Monica Geller: She's over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. I-I think it's still gonna be a while.
Monica Geller: Hmm, care to make it interesting? I'll bet you that she'll have it by this time tomorrow.
Phoebe Buffay: You're on!
Monica Geller: Okay, how much?
Phoebe Buffay: One hundred thousand dollars!
Monica Geller: How about fifty bucks?
Phoebe Buffay: Fine! I'll call Zurich and move some money around.
Rachel Green: All right, who's turn is it to help me get up!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: No one's here! Oh damnit!
