unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Chandler Bing: No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Rachel Green: I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
Chandler Bing: Me.
Rachel Green: Why would I have to sleep with you?
Chandler Bing: It's my game. You want the job or not?
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Monica Geller: Morning.
Ross Geller: Where ya goin'?
Monica Geller: Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?
Ross Geller: Ooooohhhh.
Phoebe Buffay: What's with all the bottles of liquor?
Ross Geller: What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Monica Geller: Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
Rachel Green: Oh God, even his knock is boring.
Monica Geller: Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.
Bobby Rush: Uh, can I talk to you a minute?
Monica Geller: Sure.
Bobby Rush: This is really hard for me to say.
Monica Geller: Oh God, you fell off the wagon.
Bobby Rush: Oh, no, no, it's about you.
Monica Geller: What about me?
Bobby Rush: I think you may have a drinking problem.
Monica Geller: What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Bobby Rush: Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
Monica Geller: Oh... shoot.
Bobby Rush: Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.
Monica Geller: OK.
Monica Geller: Take care.
Bobby Rush: You too.
Rachel Green: What happened?
Monica Geller: Well we... we kinda broke up.
Gang: Awwwwwwww.
Monica Geller: Does anybody want these?
Chandler Bing: I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Gang: Hey!
Ross Geller: How'd the callback go?
Joey Tribbiani: It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.
Chandler Bing: So what'd you do?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.
Ross Geller: Good for you.
Joey Tribbiani: But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Phoebe Buffay: So... and?
Joey Tribbiani: Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
Gang: Allright!
Joey Tribbiani: Alright... I've got to go shower.
