unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
Ross Geller: Hiiiiii.
Phoebe Buffay: Are... are you OK?
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Monica Geller: Maybe.
Ross Geller: Don't toy with me.
Bobby Rush: Geller!
Ross Geller: Hey, Fun Bobby!
Bobby Rush: Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?
Ross Geller: Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Monica Geller: You and me both.
Bobby Rush: Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.
Bobby Rush: Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
Joey Tribbiani: No, I'm alright man. Really.
Bobby Rush: No, I'm picking you up.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
Bobby Rush: OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? I'm still gonna go.
Monica Geller: OK, I'll see you later babe.
Bobby Rush: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes.
Bobby Rush: See ya.
#ALL#: Bye! See you later!
Phoebe Buffay: Fun Bobby is so great.
Monica Geller: Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Phoebe Buffay: Half full of looooovvvvve.
Monica Geller: And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Phoebe Buffay: Cabin of loooooovvvvve.
Rachel Green: We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys.
Monica Geller: Really? I only had two glasses.
Joey Tribbiani: I just had a glass.
Phoebe Buffay: Two.
Rachel Green: I had one glass.
Chandler Bing: I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Rachel Green: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
Ross Geller: Oooooh.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooooooh.
Monica Geller: So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Ross Geller: Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Joey Tribbiani: Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Monica Geller: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
