unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Hon, could you help me get the plates down?
Chandler Bing: Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
Monica Geller: No, I think we should save our china for something really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Chandler Bing: Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint.
Monica Geller: What if something gets broken, they're so expensive.
Chandler Bing: What is the point of having them if we never use them?
Monica Geller: Ok, but if something gets broken, and then the Queen comes over..
Chandler Bing: I will explain it to her.
Monica Geller: Oh yeah, like I'm going to let you talk to the queen.
Joey Tribbiani: wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
Tv Announcer: Next up is a marching band from Muskogee, OK.
Chandler Bing: Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo hoo!
Tv Announcer: And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives .
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God!
Chandler Bing: Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
Chandler Bing: What are you going to do?
Joey Tribbiani: I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00 AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
Chandler Bing: Well you proved them wrong.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Ross and Rachels Apartment.
Rachel Green: Oh Emma. This is going to be your first Thanksgiving. What are you thankful for? Mommy's bobbies.
Ross Geller: A lot of people are thankful for those.
Woman At Door: Hello? Rachel?
Rachel Green: Who is it?
Woman At Door: It's your favorite sister. Ross and Rachel while looking at each other surprised and shocked: Jill? Woman at door in a sing song voice: Amy.
Rachel Green: Hide my rings.
Rachel Green: Oh. Amy! Happy Thanksgiving.
Amy Green: Do you have a hair straightener?
Rachel Green: Um... hi.
Amy Green: oh... hi..
Rachel Green: Aw.
Amy Green: Hair Straightener?
Rachel Green: I haven't seen you in like.. a year.
Amy Green: Oh, I know, I know. I've just been crazed.
Rachel Green: Oh well yeah me too. Um.. I had a baby.
Amy Green: I decorated Dad's office.
Rachel Green: Oh.. yeah? Well unless you pushed a desk out of your vagina, not the same thing.
Amy Green: Listen, um about the hair straightener, honey.. I really need one. I'm going to have dinner at my boyfriend's house.
Amy Green: Oh my God!
Rachel Green: mh hmm..
Amy Green: Is this Emmett?
Rachel Green: Uh.... its Emma.
Amy Green: Its a girl?
Ross Geller: Hey Amy.
Rachel Green: Oh Amy, you remember Ross.
Amy Green: Not really. But you are much cuter then that geeky guy she used to date.
Ross Geller: That was me.
Amy Green: No, he was this creepy guy from high school who had this huge crush on her since like the ninth grade. Ross with a look of wondering how long this is going to go on on his face: Still me.
Amy Green: No, I'm not talking about you. It was your fat friends brother with that bad afro, do you remember? Ross starts talking over her 'do you remember' line: Amy. I'm going to save you some time, ok. All me. Monica and Chandler's Apartment.
Monica Geller: Careful. Careful. CAREFUL! Sorry.
Chandler Bing: I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
Monica Geller: I know, after you left the store, I chose different ones.
Chandler Bing: Why?
Monica Geller: well no offense honey, but your taste is a little feminine for me.
Chandler Bing: Oh suddenly, flowers are feminine?
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey happy Thanksgiving.. Pheebs!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, what's going on Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: I.. I.. I need a good lie.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people!
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't at a work thing today.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, honey. You stink at lying.
Joey Tribbiani: I do not.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin was gone-who took it?
Joey Tribbiani: Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. He said.. "Joey you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
Phoebe Buffay: Don't worry, don't worry. We'll come up with a good lie. I'll help you practice it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh great, that'd be great. Thank you.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure, what.. what was the work thing?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh..
Phoebe Buffay: "Pick up grandma at the airport"?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.. man.. Ross and Rachel's Apartment.
Amy Green: Oh she's precious. Do you ever worry she's going to get your real nose?
Rachel Green: Amy! Yes I do.. I really do.
Amy Green: Hello? Yeah, um. Hang on one sec. Can I take this upstairs?
Ross Geller: Sure, we don't live there but...
Amy Green: Seriously? Its.. its just these rooms? I thought you were a doctor.
Rachel Green: Yeah, no. Ross has a PhD.
Amy Green: Ew.
Rachel Green: God she is unbelievable.
Ross Geller: I know, I mean a PhD is just as good as an MD.
Rachel Green: Oh sure Ross, yeah. If I have a heart attack in a restaurant, I want you there with your fossil brush.
Amy Green: Stupid Thanksgiving.
Rachel Green: What? What happened?
Amy Green: My boyfriend canceled on me. I mean.. I I finally find a real relationship. I mean, someone that I can spend this day with and then his wife comes back into town. I swear, its almost not worth dating married guys.
Ross Geller: Don't say that.
Amy Green: Oh. I was so looking forward to this. It was going to be such a beautiful Thanksgiving. We were going to have sushi.
Rachel Green: Oh Amy, don't cry Amy. Um.. Ross, could I talk to you in private?
Ross Geller: Sure, you want to go upstairs?
Rachel Green: Um look I was thinking.. If its ok with Monica I would like to invite Amy to Thanksgiving.
Ross Geller: You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
Rachel Green: Look I know she's a little tough to take. She has no where else to go, and she's my sister. Alright, she's Emma's aunt. And I would like them to bond.
Ross Geller: Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
Rachel Green: Ross, you know what? She may need one..We're just going to have to make our peace with that! Monica and Chandler's apartment.
Rachel Green: Hi.
#ALL#: Hi, hey.
Rachel Green: Hey you guys, this is my sister Amy. This is Chandler, Joey, Phoebe and you know Mon.
#ALL#: Hi.
Amy Green: Oh my god. You're on Days of Our Lives.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Amy Green: wow. They must put a lot of makeup on you.
Joey Tribbiani: Hap.. Hap.. Happy Thanksgiving.
Ross Geller: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hey you.
Monica Geller: So. Welcome. Is this your first time you're seeing Emma?
Amy Green: Yeah I.. I think so. It's nice to meet you Emma.
Phoebe Buffay: Phoe-Be.
Amy Green: Oh. That's a funny noise.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, I still need some help here.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell. but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when you're talking, people know you're lying.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
Phoebe Buffay: You are a terrific actor.
Amy Green: Hey. Hey where's the baby?
Rachel Green: Oh we just put her down for a nap.
Amy Green: Oh I was just thinking. You know what would be incredible? If you guys died. Ross first has a look of 'huh' then changes it to sarcastic happy: Thank you Amy.
Amy Green: no, no, then I would get the baby. I mean you know it would be just like a movie. Like at first I wouldn't know what to do with her, then I would rise to the occasion and and then I would get a makeover and then I'd get married.
Phoebe Buffay: Thats a great movie.
Amy Green: Now listen, not that you guys could stop me or anything cause you know you'd be dead. I was thinking about changing her name. I'm just not really a big fan of Emily.
Ross Geller: Emma.
Amy Green: Emma, Ross wants you.
Phoebe Buffay: PHOE-BE.
Amy Green: Why does she keep making that noise?
Rachel Green: Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but um, if something were to happen to Ross or to myself um you wouldn't get the baby.
Amy Green: Well who would?
Ross Geller: Well we haven't offically asked them yet, but we would want Monica and Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma.
Monica Geller: yeah oh my god, I'm so moved.
Amy Green: I don't believe this, hold on a second. You guys die and I don't get your baby?
Rachel Green: See look Amy, we're a lot closer to Monica and Chandler. We see them every day. And truthfully honey, you don't seem very connected to the baby.
Amy Green: Connected? I mean.. to what? She's.. she's a lump.
Chandler Bing: You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two....
Amy Green: This guy? Seriously? Later in the day.
Monica Geller: Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful.
Ross Geller: Woah. Woah... Woah.
Monica Geller: Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will not be well recieved. Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! How come my plate's less fancy then everyone else's? Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
Monica Geller: No, honey, its. thats a special plate. See its a game, whoever gets that plate wins.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe I won.
Amy Green: Its such a slap in the face. I'm your sister and you would give your baby to these strangers over me.
Rachel Green: Monica is Ross' sister.
Amy Green: No, Ross' sister was really fat.
Monica Geller: That was me.
Amy Green: No, she was this really dorky girl in high school that used to follow Rachel around like a puppy dog.
Rachel Green: Hey. Amy. You've got to stop doing that. Monica about to have a heart attack: Okay, listen I know you're having a little bit of a family crisis, but you don't have to take it out on the plates. I mean, I mean in fact I think that everyone should cut their food like this.
Monica Geller: Now see, this way you protect the plate.. and lets face it you have fun.
Amy Green: Okay, how about this, you guys die and the crazy plate lady dies, then do I get the baby?
Chandler Bing: No, if crazy plate lad.. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Rachel Green: Well actually...
Chandler Bing: Actually what?
Ross Geller: well.. its just. its just in that case, then um. Emma would go to my parents.
Chandler Bing: What?
Amy Green: Hurts, doesn't it?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh.. who has to die for me to get her? Commercial Break.
Chandler Bing: So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough to raise Emma?
Ross Geller: No, that that is not what we're saying.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah he's lying. He looked down.
Chandler Bing: Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Rachel Green: Honey, you're taking this the wrong way. We think you're going to be a wonderful parent. It's just.. you're more the fun parent.
Ross Geller: Yeah and we'd want to make sure Emma has someone like Monica who is more uh. uh discliplinarin.. someone who can be firm and strict.
Monica Geller: Thats not how you see me, is it? Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the air: No you're all about the fun.
Chandler Bing: Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable?
Ross Geller: No, you both are equally capable. Its just.. you're strongest when.. when you're together.
Chandler Bing: Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up.
Ross Geller: Sure, Monica would have to give her up.
Joey Tribbiani: I lie better then that, right?
Chandler Bing: So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
Phoebe Buffay: There's your movie! Later on. Monica opens her front door. Chandler is sitting in the hallway.
Monica Geller: Hey. There you are. You disappeared after dinner.
Chandler Bing: Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
Monica Geller: Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about. I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of Merlot and a five year old condom.
Chandler Bing: Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
Monica Geller: No you learn these things. You grow into it.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it.
Monica Geller: I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard parts.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
Monica Geller: Can you hear me say "You're grounded"?
Chandler Bing: You said that to me last week.
Monica Geller: How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture. Back to Monica and Chandler's apartment. Amy is sitting on a chair by the bay window looking mad. Joey groans and gets off the phone: The producer from Days left a message on my machine asking why I wasn't at the parade. They said everybody's pissed off at me.. And they all got to meet Santa!
Phoebe Buffay: It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the parade because you had a family emergency.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because I had a family emergency.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, what happened? Joey all nervous and looking down and fiddling with his ear: Oh.. My sister's raccoon.
Phoebe Buffay: No! Nothing with a raccoon.
Joey Tribbiani: Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. Monica and Chandler come through the front door.
Monica Geller: Oh wait.. What are you doing?
Joey Tribbiani: Setting the table.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah we thought it would be nice to use the fancy china for dessert too.
Monica Geller: Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses on my wedding dress. Ross comes out of the guest bedroom with the diaper bag and the car seat carrying thingy.. yeah.. thats the techinal term.. He goes to Chandler.
Ross Geller: Hey dude, you okay? Sorry about before.
Chandler Bing: Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to Rachel: Ucch. Uchh In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
Rachel Green: UCHH!
Amy Green: You know.. this.. this is classic Rachel.
Rachel Green: Yeah.. yeah right.. Remember in high school when I died and didn't give you my baby?
Amy Green: This might be my one chance to have a baby Rachel. I mean, you know that I have been so busy focusing on my carrer.
Rachel Green: What? What carrer?
Amy Green: Um.. I'm a decorator.
Rachel Green: Ok. You decorate dad's office and so now you're a decorator. Okay! I went to the zoo yesterday and now I'm a koala bear.
Amy Green: Why can't you ever be supportive?
Rachel Green: Sup.. You want to talk supportive? You didn't even come and visit me when I was in the hospital having the baby.
Amy Green: Oh. Yeah. Well.. You didn't come see me when I was in the hospital when I was getting my lips done.
Rachel Green: I did the first time! Oh. Oh.. And you know what. You want to know why I'm not giving Emily to you.
Ross Geller: Emma.
Rachel Green: Oh whose side are you on? I'm not giving you Emma because there is no way you could handle the responibility of a child.
Amy Green: How hard could it be? You do it.
Joey Tribbiani: ooh oooh..
Amy Green: Do you want to know why you don't want me to have the baby?
Rachel Green: uh huh.
Amy Green: Because you don't want me to be happy. You.. you have always been jealous of me.
Rachel Green: Jealous of what? Of your lack of responsiblity? You, your immaturity? Your total disregard of other people's feelings?
Amy Green: Uh.. To name a few. You know.. You know.. You've just always been like this. You just have to have everything. And I couldn't have anything. Like in junior high, when you stole Timmy from me. I mean, do you even realize how much that hurt me?
Rachel Green: Timmy was my boyfriend and you made out with him!
Amy Green: Oh come on, that was 20 years ago. Get over it.
Rachel Green: I cannot, I cannot believe that I invited you here today.
Amy Green: Yeah, well you know what I cannot believe. That my so-called sister, gets a 30% discount from Ralph Lauren and I still have to pay retail.
Rachel Green: ah ha ha. ah ha ha. It's forty five.
Amy Green: You bitch. You just think you're so perfect. With your new baby and your, your small apartment. Well let me tell you something. Your baby isn't even that cute.
Ross Geller: Too far, Amy. Too far.
Rachel Green: You take that back.
Amy Green: No.
Rachel Green: Take it back!
Amy Green: No! What are you going to do? Make me?
Rachel Green: Heey man, I work out.
Amy Green: So do I.
Rachel Green: I do pilates.
Amy Green: I do yoga.
Rachel Green: Bring it on!
Monica Geller: Put the plates in the boxes!! Put the plates in the boxes!
Rachel Green: Did you just push me?
Amy Green: Uh, yeah I think I did.
Rachel Green: Alright. Thats it!
Monica Geller: Forget the bubblewrap! There isn't time! Rachel starts messing up Amy's hair: Frizzy frizzy frizzy frizzy!!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god! Shouldn't we stop this?
Joey Tribbiani: What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
Rachel Green: Ew! Gross.
Chandler Bing: Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
Amy Green: I'm sorry.
Rachel Green: Mon, I'm so sorry.
Chandler Bing: Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
Amy Green: Sorry.
Chandler Bing: By the way, that fight was totally arousing.
Ross Geller: Dude. Well done. You know what? If I die, and Rachel dies and Monica dies then you can totally take care of Emma.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah? Well thanks.
Ross Geller: So, so now do I get Joey?
Chandler Bing: Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
Rachel Green: Are you okay Mon?
Monica Geller: uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a plate. Its not like somebody died.
Phoebe Buffay: It's all right. You can mourn.
Monica Geller: Thank you. It was so beautiful. I'm going to go to Joeys and get the pies.
Joey Tribbiani: Actually its not pies, its just pie.
Monica Geller: I don't care. Oh my god. I've lost the will to scold.
Rachel Green: Look Amy, it got a little of control..Um.. and I'm sorry. You're my sister and uh.. if it really means that much to you..
Amy Green: So you're going to give me the baby?
Rachel Green: Uh. No.. I was going to let you use my Ralph Lauren discount.
Amy Green: You are not going to regret this.
Rachel Green: She needs changing.
Chandler Bing: Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
