unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Ross Geller: Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Monica Geller: What?
Ross Geller: The routine!
Monica Geller: Ross, we haven't done the routine since middle school.
Ross Geller: Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
Monica Geller: Was it really that good?
Ross Geller: We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
Monica Geller: Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: 5 6 7 8!
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So, do we really have to ask who's going up on the platform next?
Director: Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!
Monica Geller: Yes!
Director: Make sure you get this, they're gonna want it for the bloopers show. Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it's gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody's excitement.
unknown: nan
Tall Guy: Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
Director: What's going on over here?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
Director: What's the matter with you? Get out of here!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, take a hike wetpants!
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Can you believe this? We're gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!
Monica Geller: I know! Hey, you haven't been practising the routine, have you?
Ross Geller: No!
Monica Geller: Me too!
Ross Geller: Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
Monica Geller: Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Director: Alright we're back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, it all comes down to this. Whatever happens, happens. Destiny.
#ALL#: Three, Two, One!
Director: Cut!
Joey Tribbiani: No! Year! Happy No Year!
Director: Okay, here's where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that's a wrap!
