unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! Look who I found!
Chandler Bing: Oh, hey guys!
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Chandler Bing: Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Phoebe Buffay: Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Chandler Bing: Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Phoebe Buffay: Hmm, how about my azzz?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey, this is hollow.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Rachel Green: This bench, it's hollow! I can't believe I never knew that! Oh, the presents!!!
Phoebe Buffay: No, don't look directly at them!
Chandler Bing: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, no, we could look at them!
Rachel Green: Oh, this one's for me!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, this one's for Chandler. Here.
Chandler Bing: Oh great!
Phoebe Buffay: And the big one's for me!
Rachel Green: Ooh, let's open them!
Chandler Bing: Okay! Okay! Okay!
Phoebe Buffay: Hee hee!
Chandler Bing: Wait, we can't do this.
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Chandler Bing: I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Rachel Green: Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Chandler Bing: Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Phoebe Buffay: Will you get us better gifts?
Chandler Bing: Fine!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Chandler Bing: That's what you got me?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
unknown: nan
