unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Rachel Green: So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey you guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey Joe what's up?
Joey Tribbiani: I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Chandler Bing: I can see why that's hard to resist.
Joey Tribbiani: I like her so much!
Monica Geller: Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
Joey Tribbiani: I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Chandler Bing: You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Ross Geller: I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
unknown: nan
Janine Lecroix: Hey guys!
Ross Geller: Hi Janine!
Janine Lecroix: I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
Monica Geller: Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Janine Lecroix: Yeah, that's what I said.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Chandler Bing: Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you?
Janine Lecroix: Well I'm gonna be on it this year. I'm gonna be one of the party people.
Ross Geller: You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Janine Lecroix: Well they said I should bring someone. Do you wanna be my dance partner?
Joey Tribbiani: Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Janine Lecroix: Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Ross Geller: Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Janine Lecroix: Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Ross Geller: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: We are there!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What, what are you laughing at?
Rachel Green: Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her!
unknown: nan
Janine Lecroix: Thanks. Great so we can all go together! I gotta run. Catch you later!
unknown: nan
#ALL#: Bye!
Ross Geller: Bye Janine!
Joey Tribbiani: Did she just ask me out on a date?
Chandler Bing: I don't think so.
Monica Geller: What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Rachel Green: Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Rachel Green: Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Ross Geller: It was a dry day.
Monica Geller: We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve!
Ross Geller: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
