unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Huh, that's funny. You look like you're gonna be the...
Monica Geller: No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
Rachel Green: All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
Chandler Bing: All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Monica Geller: I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
Chandler Bing: Me too!
Monica Geller: I don't want things to change! Do you?
Chandler Bing: No!
Monica Geller: All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Chandler Bing: Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!!
Chandler Bing: Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Monica Geller: Then all your stuff would be here.
Chandler Bing: Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Monica Geller: Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Chandler Bing: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Monica Geller: Live together? There have been no signs for that.
Chandler Bing: Me asking is kind of a sign.
Monica Geller: YES!!!!!!!!
Chandler Bing: Okay!!!!!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Here's your key
Chandler Bing: Oh thanks.
Monica Geller: Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Chandler Bing: The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
Monica Geller: Ready!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Monica Geller: Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
Chandler Bing: This is not a sign!
Monica Geller: No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
Chandler Bing: It's an old key!
Monica Geller: Oh my God it's old!
Chandler Bing: I love you!
Monica Geller: I love you!
Chandler Bing: Are you hugging the door right now.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Yeah-yeah, me neither.
