Monica Geller: How does she do that?
Ross Geller: I cannot sleep in a public place.
Monica Geller: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
Ross Geller: It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
Monica Geller: What's going on with you?
Phoebe Buffay: I got no sleep last night!
Ross Geller: Why?
Phoebe Buffay: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Monica Geller: Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: Thanks.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Chandler Bing: You got waaaay too much free time.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
Chandler Bing: Happy birthday, pal!
Joey Tribbiani: We love you, man.
Ross Geller: Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
Joey Tribbiani: So?
Ross Geller: So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Chandler Bing: Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Ross Geller: Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Monica Geller: Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
Ross Geller: Ohhh.
Joey Tribbiani: What's wrong with the twentieth?
Chandler Bing: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
Ross Geller: Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Joey Tribbiani: The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Chandler Bing: C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, Huh? Huh? Huh?
Ross Geller: What are you doing?
Chandler Bing: I have no idea.
Joey Tribbiani: C'mon, Ross!
Ross Geller: Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Chandler Bing: You got it.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Phoebe Buffay: I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Monica Geller: Wow, you worked in a mine?
Phoebe Buffay: I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Rachel Green: God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Chandler Bing: Oh, this is not that bad.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
Ross Geller: You can totally, totally live on this.
Monica Geller: Yeah, yeah.
Ross Geller: Oh, by the way, great service tonight.
#ALL#: Oh! Yeah!
unknown: nan
Guys: Hockey! Hockey! Hockey.
Leslie: Rachel?
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
Rachel Green: What are you guys doing here?
Kiki: Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!
Joanne: Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.
Rachel Green: Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Leslie: I know. I know! I'm a duplex.
Rachel Green: So what's going on with you?
Joanne: Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm?
Kiki: And while we're on the subject of news..
Phoebe Buffay: Look, look, I have elbows!
