unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Ross Geller: Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, you're not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Hey there Ross!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Janice.
Chandler Bing: Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn't really leave me much choice. Did you?
Chandler Bing: Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-hey, what's going on?
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks for telling me!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Okay, Chandler, come on!
Chandler Bing: Okay. Joey, trade lives with me!
Joey Tribbiani: Nope. Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Ross Geller: Hey, I can handle it! All right?
Rachel Green: Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.
Ross Geller: That's 'cause-'cause you're mom's dog kept-kept looking at me.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle.
Ross Geller: And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
Joey Tribbiani: Ross! They're gonna kill you!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Ross Geller: Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Phoebe Buffay: You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Ross Geller: Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
Rachel Green: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Thanks!
Ross Geller: Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.
#ALL#: Oh!
Rachel Green: Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin' at him.
unknown: nan
