unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: I can't believe they're doing that to him! I told them to go easy on him!
Phoebe Buffay: No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so...
unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: That's just halftime, there's more of this.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
Emily Waltham: Right.
Ross Geller: Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?
Emily Waltham: Okay.
Ross Geller: Thanks. I-I think I'm dying. I really do.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, poor baby.
Ross Geller: Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
Emily Waltham: Ross, they are killing you out there!
Ross Geller: That's not true!
Phoebe Buffay: She's right! You have to stop!
Ross Geller: What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross!
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, if you go back out there, you're gonna be Dead Ross!
Ross Geller: I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!
Emily Waltham: All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
Ross Geller: No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
Emily Waltham: No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
Ross Geller: I like that.
Emily Waltham: Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
Ross Geller: Huh?
Emily Waltham: One swift kick and he'll back off.
Ross Geller: All right, bad ankle, got it!
Emily Waltham: And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
Ross Geller: Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
Emily Waltham: And uh, Liam, Liam's got bad knees. You hit him right and he'll go down like a lamp.
Ross Geller: But-but, Liam's on my team.
Emily Waltham: I don't care! You just get him!
Ross Geller: I'm gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in!
Joey Tribbiani: The Red Ross! Okay.
