unknown: nan
Peter Becker: So? I mean have you thought about it?
Monica Geller: Okay. Here's the thing.
Peter Becker: Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Monica Geller: I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Peter Becker: Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Monica Geller: Huh?
Peter Becker: No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Monica Geller: Oh?
Peter Becker: Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
Monica Geller: Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Peter Becker: I guess you can.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
Peter Becker: All right.
Monica Geller: Okay. Can you give me a little push?
Peter Becker: Yeah, sure. Good luck!
Monica Geller: I'm quitting!! Woo-hoo! I'm okay!! I'm all right!!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! That's exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.
Peter Becker: What?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm just saying, this woman, I mean she's fictitious. No?
Peter Becker: Why would you say that?
Phoebe Buffay: 'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
Peter Becker: You're good. You're good!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
Peter Becker: Listen, can you promise me that you won't tell her though?
Phoebe Buffay: Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?
Peter Becker: Thanks a lot.
Phoebe Buffay: No I'm serious. I mean I'm intuitive, but my memory sucks.
