unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper's a little faded, that's okay. Carpet's a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hello.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It's so beautiful.
Monica Geller: I know!!!
Phoebe Buffay: So, I'm here, ready to play.
Monica Geller: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha.
Monica Geller: What's this?
Phoebe Buffay: That's a dog, every house should have a dog.
Monica Geller: Not one that can pee on the roof.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
Chandler Bing: And is this in case the house sneezes?
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, that's the ghost for the attic.
Monica Geller: I don't want a ghost.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, obviously you don't know much about the U.S. government.
Rachel Green: Hey!
#ALL#: Hello.
Rachel Green: I need to talk to you!
Ross Geller: Sure, what's up?
Rachel Green: Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
Ross Geller: I-I know. Well if something comes up...
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Rachel Green: Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Chandler Bing: Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Rachel Green: That was surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I'll do it.
Rachel Green: Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Monica Geller: Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Ross Geller: Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Phoebe Buffay: The little ones do.
