unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
unknown: nan
The Director: Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
Joey Tribbiani: That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Kate Miller: He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
Kate Miller: I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
Joey Tribbiani: Do you want me to want you to care?
Kate Miller: Do you?
Joey Tribbiani: What?
The Director: Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Kate Miller: I've got no reason to stay.
unknown: nan
The Director: Stop!! Stop it! You must stop! You are bad actors! This is a terrible play! I'll see you in the morning.
Kate Miller: I can't believe we go on in, in a week.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, it's gonna be all right.
Lauren: Hey! So since we're getting off early, do you want to go and paint mugs?
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Lauren: You know! At the place I told you about last night?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
Lauren: Oh, okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Lauren: I'll see you tomorrow.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Lauren: G'night.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, are you okay?
Kate Miller: Yeah, I guess. Look, what are we gonna do about this scene, huh?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know.
Kate Miller: Well umm, maybe if it had more heat.
Joey Tribbiani: How do you mean?
Kate Miller: Well, Adrian's looking for a reason to stay, right? Victor can't just kiss her, he's gotta, gotta really give her a reason, y'know?
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
Kate Miller: Or maybe, maybe he could grab her, and, and, and, and lift her up.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
Kate Miller: And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
Joey Tribbiani: And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Kate Miller: And then right, right when the scene ends, he could take her with this raw, animal....
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Something like that?
Kate Miller: Yeah, that's pretty much what I had in mind.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
