Phoebe Buffay: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
#ALL#: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Ross Geller: What's going on?
#ALL#: What is it?
Chandler Bing: So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
#ALL#: That's great!
Chandler Bing: So.... I quit.
#ALL#: Why?
Chandler Bing: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Monica Geller: Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Chandler Bing: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Phoebe Buffay: So was it a lot more money?
Chandler Bing: It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: ... the WENUS?
Chandler Bing: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Rachel Green: Oh. That WENUS.
Joey Tribbiani: So what're you going to do?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Monica Geller: Um... hi there.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Chandler Bing: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, yeah!
Monica Geller: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I know! So, what do you think?
Chandler Bing: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Phoebe Buffay: OK. Oh Monica! Guess what!
