Chandler Bing: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Rachel Green: No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Phoebe Buffay: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Chandler Bing: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
Rachel Green: Career counselor?
Chandler Bing: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Rachel Green: I don't!
Chandler Bing: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Ross Geller: Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! Brian's Song!
Rachel Green: The meeting with the guy went great?
Monica Geller: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Chandler Bing: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Monica Geller: So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Rachel Green: What are you going to make?
Phoebe Buffay: Yummy noises.
Rachel Green: And Monica, what are you going to make?
Monica Geller: I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! I know what you could make! I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know.
Ross Geller: Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
Joey Tribbiani: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Ross Geller: OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Chandler Bing: Who are you going out with?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, is this the bug lady?
Rachel Green: Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Ross Geller: Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Rachel Green: So what are you guys going to do?
Ross Geller: Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Chandler Bing: And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Joey Tribbiani: So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... huh-huh?
Ross Geller: Well, I don't know.... huh-huh.... but I'm hoping huh-huh.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
