Monica Geller: OK, try this salmon mousse.
Joey Tribbiani: Mmmm. Good.
Monica Geller: Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
Joey Tribbiani: It's creamier.
Monica Geller: Yeah, well, is that better?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: My God! What happened to you?
Chandler Bing: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Phoebe Buffay: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Chandler Bing: Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Rachel Green: Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Monica Geller: Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Monica Geller: It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
Chandler Bing: Well.... it is amouz-ing...
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
Phoebe Buffay: Ten dollars an hour for what?
Monica Geller: Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
Rachel Green: Waitressing?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-oh.
Monica Geller: Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
Rachel Green: But, but?
Monica Geller: But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Rachel Green: Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Chandler Bing: You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
