unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Monica Geller: Hey.
#ALL#: Hey!
Rachel Green: How'd it go with Pete?!
Joey Tribbiani: Tell us!
Monica Geller: You're not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...
unknown: nan
Billy: I'm sorry. Ex-excuse us. I'm sorry, it's a little crowded. Do you mind if we...
Robin Williams: Yeah, could you scooch?
Billy: Yeah, move over just a little bit.
unknown: nan
Robin: Keep on scooching.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...
unknown: nan
Robin: Why? Why?! What's wrong with me?!
Billy: What's the matter?
Robin: I have a feelin'... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.
unknown: nan
Billy: How do you know?
Robin: Well y'know, he's got access.
Billy: Yeah.
Robin: Y'know it's that feeling you get, y'know?
Billy: Like when you go bowling and you know you're in somebody else's shoes?
Robin: That's the one.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: All right, so, so you went to Pete's...
Ross Geller: What happened?
Monica Geller: I...
unknown: nan
Robin: Why is this happening to me?! I don't know, maybe it's my wound.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Forget it.
Billy: So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Robin: No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
Billy: Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
Robin: What is it, Tim?
Billy: It's me, I've been sleeping with your wife.
Joey Tribbiani: So you're the gynaecologist?
Billy: Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Robin: Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
Billy: Thomas, come back here!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
Monica Geller: I have no idea.
