unknown: nan
Judge: Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
Rachel Green: Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
Judge: So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Ross Geller: Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
Judge: And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
Ross Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: Uh yes, heroin and crack.
Ross Geller: Crack isn't even an intravenous drug!
Rachel Green: Well, you would know.
Judge: Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?
Ross Geller: Oh, come on!
Rachel Green: Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Judge: And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
Ross Geller: Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Judge: That won't be necessary.
Ross Geller: And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
Rachel Green: Ugh!
Judge: Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
Rachel Green: Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Judge: Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Rachel Green: Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Judge: Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Ross Geller: That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
Rachel Green: What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
Ross Geller: And what--What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing! Hey! Stop typing! Stop typing! Stop typing!!
Rachel Green: Okay, do you see, do you see what you're keeping me married too?!
Judge: You need to get out of my chambers.
Rachel Green: All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Judge: Would you like to spend the night in jail?
Rachel Green: And thank you for your time.
