unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh honey thank God you're home, I was getting worried.
Ross Geller: I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Rachel Green: Oh, little 'X's! Great! That makes up for everything!
Ross Geller: Y'know, I-I-you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
Rachel Green: Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
Ross Geller: Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
Rachel Green: Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
Ross Geller: Yeah! Right!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? What?
Rachel Green: Nothing.
Ross Geller: Okay, can we just sign please?
Rachel Green: Uh-hmm.
Ross Geller: Congratulations.
Rachel Green: Okay Ross, we're-wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Well, y'know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.
Ross Geller: Excuse me?
Rachel Green: Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Rachel Green: And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Ross Geller: So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Rachel Green: Yeah, don't push it though.
Ross Geller: I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Rachel Green: I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Ross Geller: Did I, did I even treat?
Rachel Green: No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Ross Geller: That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Rachel Green: Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Ross Geller: Eh, no problem.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I'm gonna need a copy of those.
Ross Geller: Totally.
