unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Pheebs, how's it going?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Monica Geller: Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Phoebe Buffay: Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Chandler Bing: See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Monica Geller: What do you mean?
Chandler Bing: I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
Phoebe Buffay: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah? Well this is not what I ordered.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Chandler Bing: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Joey Tribbiani: You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Chandler Bing: What equity investments?
Joey Tribbiani: The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
Monica Geller: Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
Chandler Bing: You don't even have a car!
Monica Geller: I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Chandler Bing: And?
Monica Geller: And six others.
Chandler Bing: There you are.
