unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
Rachel Green: Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't-I still can't believe it.
Monica Geller: Honey, sweetie, by the edges.
Rachel Green: I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it ...
Monica Geller: Ohh.
Rachel Green: ...I mean it's my fault.
Monica Geller: Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
Joey Tribbiani: I bet it was about her a little.
Monica Geller: If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Monica Geller: Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Rachel Green: Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
Monica Geller: You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Rachel Green: All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Joey Tribbiani: Say that to him and you're golden.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Pheebs!
Monica Geller: We got out pictures back from London. Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me.
Chandler Bing: All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Phoebe Buffay: No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
#ALL#: Sorry.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What happened?
Rachel Green: Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
Monica Geller: See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
Rachel Green: Well...
unknown: nan
Gunther: Get out!
