unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey Tribbiani: Mornin' Pheebs!
Phoebe Buffay: I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver...
Joey Tribbiani: Was his name Angus?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway...
Monica Geller: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Chandler Bing: Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh...
Monica Geller: Bodington's!
#ALL#: Bodington's! Woohoo!
Chandler Bing: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat-I don't want to talk about it.
Ross Geller: Hey!
#ALL#: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: That was good beer.
Ross Geller: Ohh...
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Ross Geller: Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Joey Tribbiani: Later!
Ross Geller: Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Monica Geller: Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now.
Ross Geller: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Monica Geller: No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Ross Geller: Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Phoebe Buffay: So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
Ross Geller: No, not since I lost her at the airport.
Chandler Bing: I can't believe she can out run you man!
Ross Geller: HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
Rachel Green: Hi!
#ALL#: Hey!
Ross Geller: Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
Rachel Green: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
Ross Geller: That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
Rachel Green: Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel.
Ross Geller: So, what? That's it?
Rachel Green: Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Ross Geller: Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Rachel Green: Oh no, you're the best.
Ross Geller: Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Chandler Bing: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Rachel Green: What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Chandler Bing: Oh that's not true.
Rachel Green: Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Phoebe Buffay: London is stupid! Stupid!
Rachel Green: Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Monica Geller: I'll do it!
Rachel Green: That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I gotta go to work.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Pheebs! Always a pleasure.
