unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
Joey Tribbiani: Phoebe!
Chandler Bing: Hey, Pheebs!
Rachel Green: Phoebe, woo!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, woo! Hi.
Chandler Bing: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Joey Tribbiani: Mine!
Ross Geller: Wait! It was my plan.
Joey Tribbiani: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
Ross Geller: And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Joey Tribbiani: Which, is the new plan!
Monica Geller: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Come on Rach, let's go.
Rachel Green: Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.
Monica Geller: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Rachel Green: Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
Monica Geller: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I-I don't care.
Monica Geller: Okay. I-I can't watch.
Rachel Green: What 'cha readin'?
Ross Geller: The paper.
Rachel Green: Yeah, what's it about?
Ross Geller: Events from around the globe.
Rachel Green: Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Ross Geller: Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Rachel Green: Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Go ahead.
Rachel Green: Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Rachel Green: I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Ross Geller: Why are you laughing?
Rachel Green: Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
Ross Geller: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, that's not funny.
Ross Geller: Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Rachel Green: Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
Ross Geller: Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
Rachel Green: The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Ross Geller: That is what the thing is.
Rachel Green: Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
Ross Geller: No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Rachel Green: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice.
Ross Geller: No thank you for... Thank you.
