unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh God, I really had a good time!
Dave: Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Dave: Yeah!
Rachel Green: Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Dave: Okay, yeah!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Umm, hi!
Ross Geller: Hi.
Rachel Green: Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.
Ross Geller: She's doing her laundry.
Rachel Green: What's that?
Ross Geller: It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Rachel Green: Oh, honey that's awful.
Ross Geller: Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Rachel Green: But, it's not raining.
Ross Geller: I can't catch a break!
Rachel Green: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Dave: Yeah?
Rachel Green: Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Monica Geller: Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Monica Geller: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Rachel Green: Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Monica Geller: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Rachel Green: Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Monica Geller: What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Rachel Green: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Monica Geller: I make the decisions, and I say no.
Rachel Green: Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
Monica Geller: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Rachel Green: Well...
Monica Geller: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
Joey Tribbiani: Havin' some trouble?
Monica Geller: Rachel locked the door.
Joey Tribbiani: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.
