unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hello.
Gavin Mitchell: Hello.
Rachel Green: Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
Gavin Mitchell: For what?
Rachel Green: Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
Gavin Mitchell: Is this your first appology?
Rachel Green: No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
Heather: Good morning!
Rachel Green: Hello. But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ... I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.
Gavin Mitchell: What?
Rachel Green: I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!
Gavin Mitchell: I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her skirt. Or was it pants? I didn't really see what happened below the ass area.
Rachel Green: Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.
Gavin Mitchell: Why do you even care if I was looking at her? Are you jealous?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
Gavin Mitchell: I thought it was ok when you slept with your old assistant Tag.
Rachel Green: That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
Gavin Mitchell: Huh. What's Tag's last name?
Rachel Green: It was ... oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
Gavin Mitchell: But it was a deap meaningful relationship.
Rachel Green: Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
Gavin Mitchell: It was Jones.
Rachel Green: Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?
