unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?
Monica Geller: No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.
Monica Geller: Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up .
Rachel Green: Mmm hmm.
Gavin Mitchell: Yeah, hey.
Monica Geller: Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.
Rachel Green: No.
Gavin Mitchell: Nice party.
Rachel Green: Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
Monica Geller: Again, you're welcome.
Gavin Mitchell: Look, I'll just give you this and go.
Rachel Green: Oh, you bought me a present! Why?
Gavin Mitchell: Well, let me explain how birthday parties usually work. There are presents, and a cake, perhaps a fourth or fifth person. Ok, I ... got you the present to make up for being such a jerk to you earlier.
Rachel Green: Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card . "From Gavin"
Gavin Mitchell: I really mean it.
Rachel Green: Awww, awww, it's beautiful.
Gavin Mitchell: You don't mind? Well, what do you know, it fits!
Rachel Green: See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
Gavin Mitchell: I'm not sure.
Rachel Green: Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.
Gavin Mitchell: I do have feelings for you.
Rachel Green: You do?
Gavin Mitchell: Yes, I feel that you are a little annoying.
Rachel Green: See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... and you do that ...
Chandler Bing: First I was afraid, I was petrified.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Listen, I think I've left something here.
Chandler Bing: Oh, well someone left this . This is yours?
Phoebe Buffay: No, but I like it. I think I left one of my rat babies.
Chandler Bing: Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.
Monica Geller: Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, maybe that's him!
