unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
Joey Tribbiani: Probably Monica and Chandler.
unknown: nan
Woman: Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?
Gunther: Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Woman: That'd be great, thanks.
Rachel Green: Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
Melissa Warburton: Oh my God! Ray-ray Green?!
Rachel Green: Melissa!
Melissa Warburton: You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what's up with you?!
Rachel Green: Wh--Why don't I tell you over here?
Melissa Warburton: So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray.
Rachel Green: Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Melissa Warburton: Shut up!
Rachel Green: I will not! I'm the divisional head of men's sportswear!
Melissa Warburton: Oh shut up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph?
Rachel Green: Oh please...
Melissa Warburton: Are you?!
Rachel Green: No.
Melissa Warburton: Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night?
Rachel Green: Oh tomorrow, oh I don't know. Um...
Melissa Warburton: You do now. You're having dinner with me.
Rachel Green: Shut up.
Melissa Warburton: I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
Rachel Green: Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Melissa Warburton: Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
Rachel Green: Wow! What do you do now?
Melissa Warburton: I'm a party planner. I'll see you tomorrow.
Rachel Green: Okay!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys! Look who's back! It's Ray-ray!
Rachel Green: Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college.
Ross Geller: She seems really, really fun!
Rachel Green: She's actually very sweet and we used to be very close.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, she isn't... She's not the one who you...
Joey Tribbiani: Who you what? Who you what?!
Rachel Green: Yes.
Monica Geller: Wow!
Joey Tribbiani: Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you-what?!!
Rachel Green: It's not a big deal!
Monica Geller: They were lovers.
Ross Geller: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Rachel Green: No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
Ross Geller: So that's two of my wives.
