unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: We should really learn how to play the real way.
Phoebe Buffay: I like our way. Oh! Chess!
Joey Tribbiani: Nice move.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Joey Tribbiani: No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
Rachel Green: Well, what are you going to wear?
Joey Tribbiani: Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.
Rachel Green: Huh. Does Monica know about this?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't think so.
Rachel Green: Can I please be there when you tell her?
Phoebe Buffay: Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Rachel Green: Oh, y'know what? I can't. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
Joey Tribbiani: Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
Phoebe Buffay: What is this? What's going on?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Rachel Green: Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
Phoebe Buffay: Joey's!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay...
Rachel Green: Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I'm sure that happened.
Rachel Green: It-it did!
Phoebe Buffay: Sure!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey. It happened!
Rachel Green: Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Phoebe Buffay: Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Joey Tribbiani: Why are you taking this away from me?
Rachel Green: Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay! I just-I didn't know that you are a lesbian.
Rachel Green: I'm not saying that I'm a lesbian! I'm just saying that this happened!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you're so-y'know so...vanilla.
Rachel Green: Vanilla?!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
Phoebe Buffay: To Ross.
Rachel Green: All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay! All right! Yeah! 'Cause I just can't picture it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.
