unknown: nan
Tv Doctor: You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Joey Tribbiani: Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.
Ross Geller: Well, there goes my whole belief system.
Erica Ford: It's Erica.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God, quick turn off the TV.
Rachel Green: No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, I get Leslie out of the coma and then we make out.
Rachel Green: Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Monica Geller: Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Erica, c'mon in.
Erica Ford: How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?
Joey Tribbiani: Right, they uh, they choppered me in. What's up?
Erica Ford: Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Who?
Erica Ford: Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's lounge.
Joey Tribbiani: It's not what you think, that was...
Erica Ford: You told me I was the only one.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
Erica Ford: Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
Joey Tribbiani: Somebody wanna help me out here?
Rachel Green: Oh, I know, I know.
Erica Ford: How, how can you be here and there.
Joey Tribbiani: 'Cause it's a television show.
Erica Ford: Drake, what're you getting at?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm not Drake.
Ross Geller: That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Erica Ford: Is this true?
Rachel Green: Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me.
Monica Geller: And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't.
Chandler Bing: And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard.
Erica Ford: Is all this true?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
Erica Ford: Oh Hans.
Ross Geller: Hans...Hans...Yo evil twin.
Joey Tribbiani: Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care
Erica Ford: I'll never forget you Hans.
Joey Tribbiani: OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
