unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! Hey! Thank God you guys are here!
Rachel Green: Hey! Hey what's going on?
Joey Tribbiani: Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Rachel Green: Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!
Monica Geller: Ok! When I go places with high humidity, it gets a little extra body, ok?!
Chandler Bing: That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on, I'll show you guys where to check in.
Monica Geller: Oh, honey, can you make sure we get a King size bed!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on the ceiling!
Monica Geller: And make sure our room isn't next to theirs .
Rachel Green: Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a romantic place. That's all, I just wish I could share that with a guy.
Phoebe Buffay: Not Joey.
Rachel Green: Not Joey, no, I was just lusting after Chandler.
Monica Geller: Yeah, right!
David: So, ehm... I'm proposing to Pheobe tonight.
Chandler Bing: Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is!
David: Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one seventieth of a karat. And the clarity is uhm... is quite poor.
Chandler Bing: Nice!
Chandler Bing: Monica, can I talk to you for a sec?
Monica Geller: Ok!
Chandler Bing: David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight!
Monica Geller: See what happens when you give people advice? I hope you told him not to?
Chandler Bing: That would be advice!!
Monica Geller: Ok fine. I'll handle this. Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah?
Monica Geller: I need to talk to you.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you leaving "The Supremes"?
Monica Geller: Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advice. Look, David is going to propose to you tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow? Really? That's fantastic!
Monica Geller: What are you serious? You wanna marry him? Wha... What about Mike?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him down the aisle. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." You know, it's every girl's dream!
Monica Geller: Do you really think marrying someone else is the right answer?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!
