unknown: nan
Charlie Wheeler: And then, and then you said that thing about, about bringing the Mesozoic era in the 21st century.
Ross Geller: Yeah, that's it?
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Oh my God, we did it!
Charlie Wheeler: Actually I did it Ross. You remembered shockingly little of your own speech.
Ross Geller: Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. That's a pretty necklace.
Charlie Wheeler: Thank you.
Ross Geller: Hey, what do you say we celebrate? Champagne?
Charlie Wheeler: Oh yeah! Hey, save the cork and then we can fill the bottle with water and put it back so they don't charge you.
Ross Geller: Oh my God, I love you.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, this is such a cute picture of Emma. And is this your son... or just some kid whose picture you bring on vacation?
Ross Geller: That's Ben, my son from my first marriage.
Charlie Wheeler: Your first marriage?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Charlie Wheeler: You're married more than once?
Ross Geller: No.
Charlie Wheeler: So, why did you break up?
Ross Geller: Oh, it was... it's complicated, you know? She... she was... eh... gay.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh my God, this is so cool!
Ross Geller: Ok, odd thing to get excited about!
Charlie Wheeler: No, it's just... I was enganged to a guy who turned out to be gay!
Ross Geller: Hey! High-five!
Charlie Wheeler: Didn't you feel so stupid that you didn't see the signs? My fiance was always going away on these long weekends with his tennis partner.
Ross Geller: My wife had a workout friend she went to the gym with everyday for a year. She didn't get any fitter.
Charlie Wheeler: Right and then everybody finds out and they're like: "Oh, I knew all along"
Ross Geller: I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay"
Charlie Wheeler: I know!
Ross Geller: And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you float the idea of a threesome?
Charlie Wheeler: I didn't do that.
Ross Geller: Me neither.
