unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I can't believe she's gonna say yes to David. She's clearly in love with Mike.
Chandler Bing: You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that.
David: Uh, Phoebe, uh, I have... something I wanna say.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.
Chandler Bing: I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
David: Uh, Phoebe, uh... you're an amazing woman, and the time we spent apart was, was unbearable. Of course the sanitation strikes in Minsk didn't help!
Phoebe Buffay: Sure, ok, yeah.
David: But well, now that we're together again, I don't ever want to be apart. So, to that end...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, Mike!
David: It's David, actually!
Phoebe Buffay: No, Mike's here.
David: Hi Mike!
Mike Hannigan: Hi David. Chandler. Monica... Oh!
Monica Geller: IT'S THE HUMIDITY!
Mike Hannigan: Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you, what are you doing here?
Mike Hannigan: I have a question I need to ask you.
David: I have a question I was kinda gonna ask her myself.
Mike Hannigan: Yeah, I understand, but before you do, she really needs to hear this.
David: Ok, would you care for my seat as well?
Mike Hannigan: Actually yeah, that'll be great.
David: That's fair, you've had a long trip.
Mike Hannigan: Phoebe, I love you. I mean, I missed you so much these last few months and I thought we were apart for a good reason, but then I suddenly realized that there was no reason good enough to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.
David: Kinda stepped on the toes of what I was going to say.
Mike Hannigan: Sorry David, but she really has to know this.
David: Alright, but after this I want to see you outside. If the rain stops.
Monica Geller: You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? Now, I don't actually have a ring...
David: I have a ring.
Chandler Bing: I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy.
David: Phoebe, will you marry me?
Phoebe Buffay: No!
David: Uhm... Ha ha!
Phoebe Buffay: I love you. But I never needed a proposal from you. I just needed to know that we were headed somewhere, you know, that we had a future.
Mike Hannigan: We can have any future you want.
David: Ok, I'm gonna take off.
Phoebe Buffay: David, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry.
David: Just so I know, if I had asked first...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I might have said yes, but that would have been wrong.
David: Please, you don't have to explain. I mean, perhaps if I hadn't gone to Minsk things would have worked out for us. And I wouldn't have ruined my career, or lost that toe to frostbite. It was a good trip!
Mike Hannigan: Is it ok if I hug you now?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes!
Monica Geller: BECAUSE OF OUR MEDDLING! Alright?
