unknown: nan
Ross Geller: By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century.
Charlie Wheeler: It's great. You're gonna be the hit of the conference.
Ross Geller: Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by Joey checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet. .
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys!
Ross Geller: The chocolates aren't here yet.
Joey Tribbiani: Damnit!
Charlie Wheeler: Ross just read me his speech. It's fantastic!
Chandler Bing: Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...?
Ross Geller: If you want to check your email, just ask!
Chandler Bing: What? May I?
Rachel Green: What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it being monsoon season.
Charlie Wheeler: Actually the wet season is June to December.
Rachel Green: It's not the time Charlie.
Chandler Bing: Oh, no, no, no dear God, no!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot? Oh! Secret teapot?
Chandler Bing: Your computer, I don't know wha... everything's gone!
Ross Geller: Wha... what do you mean?
Chandler Bing: It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive.
Ross Geller: What, oh my God. What did you do?
Chandler Bing: Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.
Ross Geller: Why, why would you open it?
Chandler Bing: Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!!
Ross Geller: What did it say?
Chandler Bing: Nude... ... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry.
Ross Geller: What... what am I gonna do? My speech is gone, Chandler!
Chandler Bing: It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
Ross Geller: NO! I don't!!
Chandler Bing: Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...!
Joey Tribbiani: It's really gone?
Ross Geller: Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to complain about the rain and ruin my career!
Chandler Bing: I just feel awful.
Ross Geller: Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament!
Chandler Bing: Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her...
Ross Geller: Get out!
Rachel Green: You know, this happens all the time to my computer at work.
Ross Geller: Well, what do you do?
Rachel Green: Well, I usually go... play Tetris on somebody else's computer.
Ross Geller: I can't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. I have to give the keynote speech tomorrow! Ok? I have to stand up in front of all these people. What am I gonna say?
Joey Tribbiani: I could teach you a speech that I memorized for auditions.
Ross Geller: I don't think that your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe!
Charlie Wheeler: Ross, we can solve this. I just heard your speech. We can recreate it! We've got all night!
Ross Geller: Wha... what you really think we can do that?
Charlie Wheeler: Oh wait, Joey and I are supposed to have dinner .
Joey Tribbiani: Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
Rachel Green: Ugh.
Ross Geller: Alright, ok, let's do it. Uhm, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... uhm, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic era, the breakup of Pangea, hello! And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? .
