unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I'm all packed and ready to go!
Ross Geller: Oh, that's right! Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Mmh-mmh.
Ross Geller: Can you say Barbados?
Joey Tribbiani: Barbados!
Ross Geller: Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my speech! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! This babies will get you into all the paleontology lectures and seminars.
Rachel Green: Do you have anything that would... get us out of them?
Chandler Bing: Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
Phoebe Buffay: I think David would probably wanna hear a few lectures.
Ross Geller: Oh, right, because he's a scientist!
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, he'll die.
Ross Geller: Ok, we gotta go, yeah? So, we'll see you guys tomorrow.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
Ross Geller: It's a blanket Joe, not a cloak of invisibility!
unknown: nan
Charlie Wheeler: Wow! This place is beautiful!
Ross Geller: Look at all these paleontologists!!
Joey Tribbiani: I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow!
Woman: Oh my God, I can't believe you're here!
Joey Tribbiani: I think I've been recognized, this happens all the time!
Woman: Doctor Geller, I'm such a huge fan!
Joey Tribbiani: That... never happens...
Woman: I've been following your career for years, I-I can't wait for your keynote speech.
Ross Geller: Wow! This is very flattering, uh...
Woman: I would love your autograph.
Ross Geller: Uh, uh... Sure! Uhm... "Dear..."
Woman: Sarah.
Ross Geller: "... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".
Sarah: Thank you so much!
Ross Geller: Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani.
Sarah: Are you a paleontologist?
Joey Tribbiani: No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Ross Geller: Dude, it's just "Days of Our Lives"... there's no the.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
Sarah: I'm sorry, I don't own a TV.
Joey Tribbiani: You don't own a TV? What's all your furniture pointed at??
