unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Rachel Green: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
Monica Geller: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Rachel Green: Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Monica Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Rachel Green: Oh really? Like what Monica?
Monica Geller: Y'know she has 147,000 pairs of boots...
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, good start Mon.
Monica Geller: She lets you borrow them.
Rachel Green: Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
Monica Geller: Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
Phoebe Buffay: What else?
Monica Geller: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Phoebe Buffay: That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Monica Geller: When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Rachel Green: Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Monica Geller: And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
Rachel Green: Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Rachel Green: But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Monica Geller: Kinda. Oh my God!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
