unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: What's wrong?
Joey Tribbiani: Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Chandler Bing: Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Joey Tribbiani: The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Chandler Bing: Oh man!!
Joey Tribbiani: And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
Chandler Bing: All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
Chandler Bing: I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
Joey Tribbiani: It's him, not it!
Chandler Bing: No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say $1,500?
Joey Tribbiani: Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
Chandler Bing: When did I try to give you money?
Joey Tribbiani: Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Chandler Bing: I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Joey Tribbiani: I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
