unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Chandler Bing: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, how much do you think he needs?
Chandler Bing: I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Phoebe Buffay: Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Chandler Bing: Well that would help the pride thing.
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Monica Geller: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay! So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Monica Geller: Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: And also, my birthday.
Monica Geller: It's not your birthday.
Phoebe Buffay: What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it's not your birthday!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Chandler Bing: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Ross Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Ross Geller: I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Rachel Green: Pheebs, I was wondering...
Monica Geller: You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Rachel Green: Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Monica Geller: Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
Rachel Green: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! Monica's just gonna kill you.
Rachel Green: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, what you're wearing is fine for that.
Monica Geller: Rachel, I need to borrow-You're not packed!!!! You're not packed even a little bit!
Rachel Green: Surprise!!
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Monica Geller: I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: I have plans.
Monica Geller: You're plans were with us.
Phoebe Buffay: That's right.
Monica Geller: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Monica Geller: Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Chandler Bing: Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Monica Geller: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Chandler Bing: Yes, but for the last time.
Monica Geller: Okay fine, now Ross...
Ross Geller: Oh, but-but I can't do it.
Monica Geller: Why not?
Joey Tribbiani: I've got Ben.
Ross Geller: Because, because I've got Ben.
Monica Geller: It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
Chandler Bing: He's at a dinner party.
Monica Geller: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Ross Geller: Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
Monica Geller: All right, sorry.
Ross Geller: I gotta go make a fake Ben.
