unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! Thank you, thanks.
Ross Geller: Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Ross Geller: I'm reading your ad.
Joey Tribbiani: Looks good, uh?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Stunning entertainment center. Fine, fine Italian craftsmanship.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Rachel Green: Why? I love that thing.
Chandler Bing: You want it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no.
Chandler Bing: Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
Chandler Bing: All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Joey Tribbiani: What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
Chandler Bing: Nooo.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. What do you do?
Chandler Bing: I can't believe you don't know what I do for a living!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I actually don't know...
Ross Geller: Good, so do I
Rachel Green: Something to do with numbers?
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! Come on. Crazy. Oh my God.
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Nothing. Nothing.
Joey Tribbiani: What? What's wrong?
Phoebe Buffay: I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
Rachel Green: You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
Phoebe Buffay: No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Ross Geller: Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Phoebe Buffay: No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, Phoebe's mom has got a huge peni...
Chandler Bing: Let it go!!
