unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Joey Tribbiani: Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Monica Geller: Oh my God! What happened?
Chandler Bing: Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Rachel Green: So, how was your date?
Monica Geller: Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Rachel Green: Um-hmm.
Monica Geller: Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
Rachel Green: Oh honey, I'm sorry.
Monica Geller: No, it's okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Rachel Green: Ohh! That's so great!
Monica Geller: I know!
Ross Geller: Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Chandler Bing: Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
Ross Geller: You didn't tell her?! Okay, fine! Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah? Hi!
Ross Geller: Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, sweetie.
Monica Geller: Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
Chandler Bing: That's a good call. Right.
Ross Geller: No! No! Look-Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Ross Geller: None.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Ross Geller: I'm sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Ross Geller: I don't know what to say.
Rachel Green: You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
Phoebe Buffay: I think she would like that.
Ross Geller: Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you. We both forgive you.
Rachel Green: So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
Chandler Bing: Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it.
Phoebe Buffay: Come on, Mom, I'll take you home.
Rachel Green: I'll go with you.
Monica Geller: Me too.
Ross Geller: Oh! Y'know, I've got an extra futon.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, you don't have to brag! We got nothing here!!
