unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, what did we say was your one gift to us?
Chandler Bing: No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
Phoebe Buffay: Rehearse it!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Mike Hannigan: Thanks for coming you guys.
Ross Geller: Oh, hey, oh... I... I was-I was going for a hand shake.
Mike Hannigan: Is that why your hand is pressed against my crotch?
Ross Geller: That is why!
Mike Hannigan: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: So Rach.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Where is Emma?
Rachel Green: Oh, Monica made me send her to my mother's. Apparently babies and weddings don't mix.
Monica Geller: Are you still crying about your damn baby? Pheebs, you gotta keep the line moving, remember, 20 seconds per person. Your see these clowns all the time!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you're Mike's parents, right?
Mike's Mother: Yes, we are.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, our little ones are growing up fast, uh?
Mike's Father: How's that?
Joey Tribbiani: You know, on the one hand you're happy for them, but on the other hand it's hard to let go.
Mike's Father: Who in God's name are you?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
Chandler Bing: You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I thought we'd be groomsmen, but wouldn't they have asked us by now? When did they ask you to be their bridesmaid?
Rachel Green: Uh... November?
Ross Geller: I wanna say it's not looking good.
Rachel Green: Hey Pheebs...
Phoebe Buffay: What's up?
Rachel Green: Uhm... you haven't told these guys what they're doing in the wedding yet.
Chandler Bing: Heh.
Phoebe Buffay: Uhm... well, they're not in the wedding.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Well, this is really awkward Oh, and I can leave!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Ross Geller: Oh, man!
Chandler Bing: This is like figure skating team all over again. I mean synchronized swimming. I mean- I mean the balance beam. Help me!
Ross Geller: FOOTBALL!
Chandler Bing: Thank you.
Monica Geller: Pheebs, spit that out, that has pork in it.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! I though the pot stickers were supposed to be vegetarian!
Monica Geller: Yeah, I changed them. I-I sent you a fax about it!
Phoebe Buffay: I don't have a fax machine.
Monica Geller: Ah, well then there are gonna be a few surprises!
Ross Geller: I can't believe we're gonna be the only people that aren't in this wedding.
Chandler Bing: I know, I hate being left out of things.
Ross Geller: And it's a wedding! It'd be weird if I'm not in it...
Mike Hannigan: Hey guys, how is it going?
Chandler Bing: Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Mike Hannigan: Yeah look, about tomorrow, I... I've got a question for ya. I just found out that one of my groomsmen had had an emergency and can't make it.
Chandler Bing: What happened?
Ross Geller: Who cares, AND?
Mike Hannigan: ...and I was wondering if... you know, maybe one of you guys...
Ross Geller: I'll do it!
Chandler Bing: M-Me-me-me!
Mike Hannigan: You both wanna do it? Uhm... there's only room for one.
Chandler Bing: Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Ross Geller: No, Mike, no, no. You wanna pick me, I mean... watch! Huh?
Mike Hannigan: You know, I really don't feel very comfortable making this decision. You know, Phoebe knows you better, I'm gonna let her choose.
Ross Geller: Well, if Phoebe's choosing, then say hello to Mike's next groomsman.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror... as he is me!
Ross Geller: Please, you're going down!
Chandler Bing: You are going downer!
Ross Geller: Is that what they say on the Figure Skating Team?
Chandler Bing: I wouldn't know, I didn't make it!
