unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: So, you know I'm filling in for Phoebe's step dad, tomorrow, right?
Mike Hannigan: Yeah, yeah. Hey, thanks for doing that.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, hey, my pleasure. So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
Mike Hannigan: I intend to marry her.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, a wiseacre. . No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
Mike Hannigan: No more so than acting.
Joey Tribbiani: Strike two!
Mike Hannigan: You're right. She probably will support me. Hey, unless we move in with you, dad?
Joey Tribbiani: Strike three! You only get one more, Mike!
Ross Geller: So, what did you decide?
Phoebe Buffay: I decided to pee.
Chandler Bing: Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, no. I can't choose between you two! I love you both so much!
Chandler Bing: Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's . Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Rachel Green: Goody, what is it!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
Rachel Green: What, what, what, no, I don't wanna do that.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I guess I'll have to find a new bridesmaid.
Ross Geller: I'll do it!
Monica Geller: Ok, it's 2100 hours. Time for your toast.
Mike Hannigan: Do I have a minute to go to the bathroom?
Monica Geller: You had a bathroom break at 2030. Pee on your own time, Mike! . Now, in regard to the toast, okay, you wanna keep them short, nothing kills a rehearsal dinner like long speeches. Okay. You just get in, do your thing and get out!
Mike Hannigan: Is that what you say to Chandler?
Monica Geller: It's 2101 and I am not amused. . Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Hello everyone and thank you all for being here tonight. So tomorrow's the big event and some of you might not know, but Mike and I didn't get off to the best start. . My friend Joey and I decided to fix each other up with friends so I, I... oh I... hum... I gave it a lot of thought and I fixed him up with my friend Mary Ellen who couldn't be here tonight because... it's not important... she is in rehab. Anyway, so, ok, Joey said that he was fixing me up with his friend Mike, only he didn't have a friend Mike so he just brought, uhm, my Mike and, and but despite, you know... it got... it got good. Ok, I wanna take a moment to mention my mother, who couldn't be here...
Monica Geller: oh God.
Phoebe Buffay: And... moment's over! So, ok, uh, I can forget that. I can forget that and uhm... Oh this is funny! Oh, but you need to know that to... that, to... Oh, ok, well, uhm, I . Ok, ok, I, ok, I.... MONICA I CAN'T DO IT LIKE THIS! THIS IS MY WEDDING! OKAY, I DON'T WANT THIS OR THIS OR THIS OK? I JUST WANTED A SIMPLE WEDDING! WHERE MY FIANCEE CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM ANYTIME HE WANTS! You know what? You're done.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: YOU'RE FIRED! Cheers!
