unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: Happy wedding day!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, happy my wedding day to you!
Rachel Green: Ok-dokey, Joey, listen. This is gonna be bridesmaid central, all right? We're gonna have hair and make-up going on in the bathroom and oh, I had to move a couple of things in the fridge to make room for the corsages.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, man! I wouldn't have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
Monica Geller: Hi. About last night... I know you are under a lot of stress and even though the things you said hurt me a little bit... My point is, uh, well, I'm willing to take my job back.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, well that's ok. I think you and I will do much better if you're just... here as a bridesmaid.
Monica Geller: Oh, is that so? Ok. If that's really what you want, then here... I give you the headset. Well, I don't really want to give you the headset. Well I guess if you're taking over, you should probably return these messages.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, this is a lot!
Monica Geller: Uh-huh, but I'm sure you can handle this. I mean, I have won awards for my organizational skills, but, uh, I'm sure you'll do fine.
Phoebe Buffay: You won awards?
Monica Geller: Mm-mh. I printed them out on my computer.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hi.
Ross Geller: Where's Rach?
Monica Geller: She's in her room, why?
Ross Geller: I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation, ok? I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm sitting in the seats like some chump! . Oh! My God! You're breathtaking!
Rachel Green: What d'you want?
Ross Geller: You haven't by any chance chosen a groomsman yet, have you?
Rachel Green: Oh, Ross, c'mon, please! Don't make this harder than it already is!
Ross Geller: I'm not! I'm making it easier! Pick me!
Rachel Green: Well, Chandler said that it's really important to him too!
Ross Geller: Listen, listen. Whoever you pick is gonna walk down the aisle with you! Now, I promise I won't say a word, but if you pick Chandler he's gonna be whispering stupid jokes in your ear the whole time!
Rachel Green: Oh, you are the lesser of two evils!
Ross Geller: YES, YES!
