unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: How's it going?
Ross Geller: Good. I'm just getting some coffee. So I'm alert for the wedding.
Chandler Bing: That's what I was doing too.
Ross Geller: Well, you have fun tonight.
Chandler Bing: You too.
Ross Geller: Oh, I will.
Chandler Bing: Me too.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute, I know why I'm being such an ass, why are you?
Chandler Bing: I'm not supposed to tell you.
Ross Geller: I'm not supposed to tell you!
Chandler Bing: You told us both we could be in the wedding?
Rachel Green: Well, in my defense, you were not supposed to tell each other.
Ross Geller: Rachel, only one of us can do it, you have to choose. You and me together again.
Chandler Bing: Rach, Rach, knock knock.
Rachel Green: Who's there?
Chandler Bing: I'll tell you at the wedding.
Rachel Green: Uh.
Mike Hannigan: Hey, I forgot my scarf.
Rachel Green: You know what, I can't do this. I don't know which one of you guys to pick.
Mike Hannigan: Oh, you haven't picked yet. Oh good, 'cause I had an idea. I thought it would be fun if the third groomsman was my family dog. Chappy.
Ross Geller: What? A dog? No! Rachel gets to choose.
Rachel Green: Wow, this is a tough one. I think I'm gonna have to go with the dog.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
Monica Geller: How's it going?
Phoebe Buffay: Help me.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: I want you to be Crazy Bitch again.
Monica Geller: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Please?
Monica Geller: You really want me to come back?
Phoebe Buffay: More than I wanna get married.
Monica Geller: Ok people, we are back in business! Oh God, we've missed you soo much! Ok, go and get your hair and make-up done, and I'll take care of everything.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what are you guys gonna do?
Phoebe Buffay: About what?
Joey Tribbiani: The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels.
Monica Geller: Ooh! But the band and the photographer are coming all the way in from New Jersey!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't think they are.
Ross Geller: Haha! Looks like you're not going to be in the wedding either. So sorry Pheebs.
