unknown: nan
Monica Geller: OK LET'S GET THESE CHAIRS OUT HERE! Gunther, hit the Christmas lights. Okay, who left the ice sculpture ON THE STEAM GRATE?
Mike's Mom: Michael!
Mike Hannigan: Hey! You made it. Great! Chappy! Hi! Hi! Mom, I know getting married in the street isn't something you approve of...
Mike's Mom: No... It's lovely. The lights and the snow. I could look at them forever.
Mike's Dad: I crushed a pill and put it in her drink... Come on, sweetheart.
Mike Hannigan: You know, Chappy's too small to handle all this snow. Someone's gonna have to walk him down the aisle.
Chandler Bing: So technically, would this person be in the wedding?
Mike Hannigan: I guess.
Chandler Bing: I'll do it!
Ross Geller: No, but Chandler, hello... Aren't you scared of dogs?
Chandler Bing: I'm not scared. I'll just take little Chappy and... HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
Ross Geller: Well, I guess I'm in the wedding then. Ha haaa... He stinks!
Monica Geller: Level 1 alert. I repeat, level 1. This is not a drill. Okay we've got a situation. The minister just called. He's snowed in. He can't make it.
Mike Hannigan: Oh, no!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey, don't worry. I'm still ordained from your wedding.
Monica Geller: Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you'd think I'd give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
Ross Geller: Uhm, ministers don't ride the subway for free.
Joey Tribbiani: I had to read the Bible pretty carefully, but... yeah we do.
Monica Geller: Okay, if Joey does the ceremony, then we have to find someone else to walk Phoebe down the isle.
Chandler Bing: I'll do it.
Ross Geller: I'll...
Chandler Bing: Na ha ha... Ne he he... Ah ah...
Monica Geller: Okay, Mike and Joey, get in position. Chandler, come with me.
Monica Geller: Okay, Joey's doing the ceremony and Chandler's giving you away.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, okay. Hi new dad.
Monica Geller: So, you're ready to do this?
Phoebe Buffay: Uhuh, uhuh... Oh my God! This is really happening.
Rachel Green: Oh Phoebe, I'm so happy for you honey.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, thank you.
Monica Geller: I love you. Oh, wait, wait, wait! No hugs. The dresses... Oh what the hell.
Phoebe Buffay: I love you guys.
Monica Geller: I love you.
Monica Geller: Okay. It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count. Let's get this bad boy on the road.
Chandler Bing: Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Monica Geller: I have you scheduled for nudity at 2300 hours.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah!
Monica Geller: Okay Marjorie, hit it.
Rachel Green: Geez Ross, you could have showered.
Ross Geller: It's the dog.
Monica Geller: Groomsman, groomsman, why are you just standing there, where is your bridesmaid? We've got a broken arrow. Bridesmaid down! Oh, that's me.
Chandler Bing: Ready?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, oh no. Wait.
Chandler Bing: Wow! Aren't you gonna be cold?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't care... I'll be my something blue.
Chandler Bing: You look beautiful.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you.
Mike Hannigan: My God! Aren't you freezing?
Phoebe Buffay: Na-ah.
Joey Tribbiani: Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay...
Phoebe Buffay: When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family.
Mike Hannigan: Phoebe you're so beautiful. You're so kind, you're so generous. You're so wonderfully weird. Every day with you is an adventure, and I can't believe how lucky I am, and I can't wait to share my life with you forever.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
Mike Hannigan: I love you too.
Ross Geller: Uh Joey...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?
Ross Geller: Chappy's heart rate has slowed way down.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, okay. Phoebe, do you take this man to be your husband?
Phoebe Buffay: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: Mike, do you take this woman to be your wife?
Mike Hannigan: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
Phoebe Buffay: I got married! Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing.
