unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! Guess which job I got.
Chandler Bing: I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Rachel Green: But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Chandler Bing: Well, you-you know what I meant.
Monica Geller: No, you messed it up. You're stupid.
Chandler Bing: So what job did you get Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Rachel Green: Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Joey Tribbiani: No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Chandler Bing: Great!! That's great!
Ross Geller: Uh actually Joey, it's the Cretasous period.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!!
#ALL#: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
#ALL#: Oh my God!!
Phoebe Buffay: And! And, they're gonna have a baby! And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus.
Ross Geller: My God!
Monica Geller: Are you serious?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah
Joey Tribbiani: You're really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Phoebe Buffay: Ewww! And "Oh no!" It's-they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
Joey Tribbiani: Huh.
Monica Geller: What did you tell them?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Chandler Bing: You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Rachel Green: Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
Monica Geller: Yeah, like you're gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
Phoebe Buffay: I know!
Ross Geller: Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, what's your point?
Ross Geller: Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Rachel Green: Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Joey Tribbiani: No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we'll be supportive like crazy.
#ALL#: Yeah.
Monica Geller: We just want you to think it through.
Rachel Green: Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
Phoebe Buffay: My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
