unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
Ross Geller: Wow!
Rachel Green: Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
Joey Tribbiani: Takes it out of you?
Phoebe Buffay: Now, we can kick anybody's ass!
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Ross Geller: After one class? I don't think so.
Rachel Green: What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Ross Geller: Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
Rachel Green: Isn't that a kind of sushi?
Ross Geller: No, it's a concept!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah it is! It is! It's freshwater eel!
Ross Geller: All right, maybe it means that too...
Rachel Green: Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
Ross Geller: Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
Phoebe Buffay: Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Ross Geller: Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Phoebe Buffay: You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi.
Rachel Green: Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
Ross Geller: Y'know what...
Chandler Bing: Hey-hey, is Monica here?
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Ross Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Rachel Green: Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
Chandler Bing: She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
Joey Tribbiani: And of course, crotchless panties.
Chandler Bing: Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Rachel Green: Aw, I love that.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys!
Joey Tribbiani: You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut...
Rachel Green: Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
Chandler Bing: I made a...
Phoebe Buffay: What is that?
Chandler Bing: Nothing!
Ross Geller: So what are you gonna do?
Chandler Bing: Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! Oh for crying out loud!
Rachel Green: Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Phoebe Buffay: Now, it's you little bunny friend.
