Monica Geller: Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. What?
Ross Geller: I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
Monica Geller: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Ross Geller: That's closer.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Chandler Bing: Oh, you must stop shooping.
Rachel Green: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, will you just come in already?
Chandler Bing: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Chandler Bing: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Monica Geller: That's not a question.
Joey Tribbiani: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Monica Geller: All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Ross Geller: Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ah!
Ross Geller: Ok, Mom never hit.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, all done.
Monica Geller: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Monica Geller: Why would we do that?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Monica Geller: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
Rachel Green: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Joey Tribbiani: The balloon?
Chandler Bing: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Rachel Green: I can't, I gotta go.
Chandler Bing: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Phoebe Buffay: Almost never.
Monica Geller: Got the keys? or Got the keys!
Rachel Green: Ok.
unknown: nan
