Joey Tribbiani: Nope, not that one.
Monica Geller: Can you go any faster with that?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
Monica Geller: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
Chandler Bing: For an emergency just like this.
Rachel Green: All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
Monica Geller: I swear you said you had the keys.
Rachel Green: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Why would I have the keys?
Rachel Green: Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Monica Geller: But I didn't.
Rachel Green: Well, you should have.
Monica Geller: Why?
Rachel Green: Because!
Monica Geller: Why?
Rachel Green: Because!
Monica Geller: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Chandler Bing: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Here we come, walkin' down thethis doesn't smell like Mom's.
Monica Geller: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Rachel Green: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
Monica Geller: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Joey Tribbiani: You call that delicious?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Chandler Bing: Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh.
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
Monica Geller: Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
Phoebe Buffay: It's nice that he has someone.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Shall I carve?
Rachel Green: By all means.
Chandler Bing: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Ross Geller: I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Monica Geller: Does anybody wanna split this with me?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I will.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Monica Geller: Make a wish?
Phoebe Buffay: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
Joey Tribbiani: The bigger half.
Chandler Bing: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
#ALL#: That's so sweet.
Ross Geller: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Rachel Green: And a crappy New Year.
Chandler Bing: Here, here!
