Rachel Green: Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Guy: Huh?
Rachel Green: Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Ross Geller: No, they're not.
Monica Geller: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
Ross Geller: You're wrong.
Monica Geller: I am not wrong.
Ross Geller: You're wrong.
Monica Geller: No, I just talked to them.
Ross Geller: I'm calling Mom.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Chandler Bing: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Chandler Bing: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Phoebe Buffay: What were you modeling for?
Joey Tribbiani: You know those posters for the city free clinic?
Monica Geller: Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Phoebe Buffay: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Chandler Bing: Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Joey Tribbiani: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so...
Chandler Bing: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Monica Geller: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Ross Geller: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
Monica Geller: You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Monica Geller: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Chandler Bing: Yes, every single one of them.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Monica Geller: So you're free Thursday, then.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Oh, can I come?
Monica Geller: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Rachel Green: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Chandler Bing: I thought it was $98.50.
Rachel Green: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
Ross Geller: Well, I'm off to Carol's.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Ross Geller: Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
