unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Now the filet mignon, what comes with that?
Waitress: There's a side of steamed vegetables.
Rachel Green: Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute the three-pound lobster?
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know what? Bring her both, and I'll have the same.
Rachel Green: Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good date-Oh, I almost forgot. I didn't pay you the rent check.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? We're on a date.
Rachel Green: Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do you have any moves?
Joey Tribbiani: No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don't like me for- I'm sorry I couldn't even get through that.
Rachel Green: I knew it! I knew it. Come on tell me your moves.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
Rachel Green: Oh my God. And that works?!
Joey Tribbiani: Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
Rachel Green: Oh, you poor little famous man.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you're so beautiful...I don't think I can.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned in. I really almost did!
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, so...so tell me one of your moves.
Rachel Green: Alright. So where'd you grow up?
Joey Tribbiani: That's your move? Boy Rach, you're lucky you're hot.
Rachel Green: Come on, just answer the question!
Joey Tribbiani: Queens.
Rachel Green: And so were-were you close to your parents?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
Rachel Green: Why not?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know. I guess there's just always been this distance y'know-I mean we both try to pretend it's not there, but it is.
Rachel Green: Oh. It's gotta be rough.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, it is. It's really tough. Y'know sometimes I think-Wow!! Nice move!
Rachel Green: Huh?
Joey Tribbiani: "Where'd you grow up," it's so simple!
Rachel Green: Thank you! And now if you'll excuse me, I have to go to the rest room.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: And now you're watching me walk away.
Joey Tribbiani: Yes I am! Again so simple!
