unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I am not gonna answer that!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
Rachel Green: No one! They are my friends, I wouldn't punch any of them.
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler?
Rachel Green: Yeah, but I don't know why. Look at me, I'm having such a wonderful time!
Joey Tribbiani: Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
Rachel Green: I know!
Joey Tribbiani: I never laughed so hard-Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
Rachel Green: Joey, I think everyone saw the wine come out of your nose.
Joey Tribbiani: I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
Rachel Green: Well that is because you have never been on a date with me before.
Joey Tribbiani: Huh. Huh.
Rachel Green: All right, now don't judge me. I normally wait until my date leaves, but you live here. I'm ripping into this swan.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah! Okay, well then you don't judge me. I'm gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before.
Rachel Green: So tell me, what are Joey Tribbiani's end of the night moves?
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
Rachel Green: How do you do that?
Joey Tribbiani: Now you can't tell anyone, but uh...I put on shiny lip balm.
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I'm telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
Rachel Green: No, I don't want to tell you.
Joey Tribbiani: Why not?
Rachel Green: Because it's embarrassing.
Joey Tribbiani: More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! I didn't say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
Rachel Green: Okay. All right, stand up. Well, when we're at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm." Okay, I know it doesn't sound like anything, but I swear it works.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Why-Yeah, that would work for ya...
Rachel Green: All right, I gotta go to bed. Honey, I had such a wonderful time.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Yeah. Me to.
