unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: You are not going to believe what I did today!
Monica Geller: Well it clearly wasn't showering or shaving.
Chandler Bing: I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. Although I-I hope they don't.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five!
Monica Geller: What is the matter with your hand?
Chandler Bing: Well I've been playing it for like eight hours, it'll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they're dirty words.
Monica Geller: Chandler, why would you do that?
Chandler Bing: Because it's awesome.
Monica Geller: You think this is clever?
Chandler Bing: Well y'know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
Monica Geller: Hey wait a minute, this one isn't dirty.
Chandler Bing: It is when you put it together with that one.
Monica Geller: Ah, well if you don't clear this off, you won't be getting one of those from me. But Ben's coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can't be there.
Chandler Bing: Come on, he won't even know what they mean.
Monica Geller: Chandler! He's seven; he's not stupid.
Chandler Bing: Have you talked to him lately?
Monica Geller: All right, look I'm just gonna unplug it.
Chandler Bing: No-no-no, if you unplug it, I'll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. No! Hey look at that! Look at that, it's still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM Chip in it or something!
Monica Geller: Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
Chandler Bing: With the claw?!
Monica Geller: All right fine. Fine, I'll do it. I've just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
Chandler Bing: Pull my finger--My hand is messed up.
