unknown: nan
Rachel Green: ...you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!
Ross Geller: No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
Rachel Green: Well, why didn't you just take a cab?
Ross Geller: Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it'll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
Rachel Green: Well you're not gonna be able to keep doing this.
Ross Geller: Well I have to. Okay? If I don't, they'll take the class away from me. And...I already put it in my family newsletter.
Rachel Green: You what?
Ross Geller: You've seen it, the Geller Yeller.
Rachel Green: Right. Wow!
Ross Geller: Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I'm sure I can make it this time. I just...I just can't be afraid to get a little bit...hit by cars.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi! Hey, remember how last night we were talking about that movie Cujo?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah, I still can't believe you haven't seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
Rachel Green: Relax! It's not like it's Citizen Kane!
Joey Tribbiani: Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
Rachel Green: Yeah I know it's really boring, but it's like a big deal. Anyway, I was thinking about renting Cujo sometime.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah? All right, let's do it tonight.
Rachel Green: Well don't you have that big date tonight?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh right!
Rachel Green: Hey Joey, can I ask you something?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Rachel Green: After our date last night, did you feel a little weird?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
Rachel Green: I don't know! I'm-I'm kinda thinking it-it was the lobster...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah me too, all night.
Rachel Green: Really?! How come we didn't cross paths?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah well that's because uh...I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don't want to look in my hamper.
