unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Mike Hannigan: Ok, so it's a tie again, 41 to 41.
Chandler Bing: Ok, look! Enough is enough!
Monica Geller: No, I have just to have two more points to beat him!
Chandler Bing: Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
Monica Geller: I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours!
Chandler Bing: But...
Monica Geller: Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in sickness and in health. Well, this is my sickness!
Chandler Bing: What about the obsessive cleaning?
Monica Geller: That's just good sense!
Monica Geller: Aww!
Chandler Bing: You ok?
Monica Geller: No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off! Oh, no! No shaking, no shaking! Ooh! Ooh! Oh my God! I can't play!
Mike Hannigan: So you forfeit?
Phoebe Buffay: Mike wins?
Monica Geller: I can't believe it! I lost!
Chandler Bing: No, you didn't.
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Because I'm gonna play for ya.
Phoebe Buffay: You can't do that!
Mike Hannigan: Oh, that's ok. I don't care which of them I beat.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, we're taking that paddle home, mister.
Monica Geller: Honey, you don't have to do this.
Chandler Bing: Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
Monica Geller: But... you suck!
Chandler Bing: You're welcome, sweetheart.
Chandler Bing: All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
Mike Hannigan: Ok!
Monica Geller: Oh my God! You're good!
Phoebe Buffay: It's like watching porn!
Chandler Bing: And that's... how... it's done!
Monica Geller: Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you Hold on! I almost forgot loser! When did you stop sucking?
Chandler Bing: I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was!
Monica Geller: Why?
Chandler Bing: I don't know.
Monica Geller: This is so great! Now we can enter into doubles tournaments!
Chandler Bing: That's why!
