Monica Geller: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Phoebe Buffay: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Men are here.
Joey Tribbiani: We make fire. Cook meat.
Chandler Bing: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Monica Geller: Ewww!
Monica Geller: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, OK.
Phoebe Buffay: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your special someone?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Monica Geller: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Joey Tribbiani: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
Monica Geller: Man's got a point.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Chandler Bing: Crazy bitch.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Monica Geller: Joey... we always know what you mean.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Ross Geller: I'm going to China.
Phoebe Buffay: Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Monica Geller: You're going to China?
Ross Geller: Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, let me see!
Ross Geller: : Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Ross Geller: Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
Monica Geller: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
Ross Geller: Oh. Hey, who's Carl?
Monica Geller: You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Ross Geller: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
Ross Geller: At the coffeehouse, right.
Phoebe Buffay: So you do know who he is! Sorry.
Ross Geller: OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: ....I have to go to China.
Joey Tribbiani: The country?
Ross Geller: No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Chandler Bing: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Ross Geller: Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Chandler Bing: Forget about her.
Joey Tribbiani: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Chandler Bing: Course there, they just call it food.
Ross Geller: Yeah... I guess. I don'tI don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK?
Joey Tribbiani: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
Ross Geller: I know.
Joey Tribbiani: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
Chandler Bing: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
unknown: nan
Melanie: Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
Joey Tribbiani: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Chandler Bing: Ooooh.
Monica Geller: OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
Rachel Green: Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Then you do. Heh, heh.
Monica Geller: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
Joey Tribbiani: What do you mean?
Monica Geller: Y'know, just be there for her.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Not following you.
Monica Geller: Think about it.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: OK, I'm guessing this is from...
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Well, thank you, Melanie.
Chandler Bing: OK, this one right here is from me.
Rachel Green: OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
Joey Tribbiani: : That book got me through some tough times.
Melanie: There is a little child inside this man!
Chandler Bing: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Who's this from?
Chandler Bing: Oh, that's Ross's.
Rachel Green: Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered.
Phoebe Buffay: Remembered what?
Rachel Green: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Chandler Bing: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Monica Geller: I can't believe he did this.
Chandler Bing: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What did you just say?
Chandler Bing: ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Rachel Green: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Chandler Bing: F-hah.... flennin....
Rachel Green: Oh.... my God.
Chandler Bing: Oh, no-no-no-no-no....
Joey Tribbiani: That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time.
