unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! Monica?
Monica Geller: Phoebe? Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Phoebe Buffay: It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Monica Geller: Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Phoebe Buffay: Which Richard?
Monica Geller: The Richard.
Phoebe Buffay: Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!
Monica Geller: Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
Monica Geller: It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
Phoebe Buffay: That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Monica Geller: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: But again, Simmons. Go on.
Monica Geller: The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Monica Geller: Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Monica Geller: I know.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: On a totally different bet.
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: It's almost our anniversary!
Chandler Bing: I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Huh.
Monica Geller: I got you a present!
Chandler Bing: Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Monica Geller: I know, but you have to open it today!
Chandler Bing: Okay.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Chandler Bing: Wow!
Monica Geller: For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Chandler Bing: Do we have to?
Monica Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Monica Geller: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Monica Geller: But we can go, right?
Chandler Bing: Yes.
Monica Geller: Okay!
Chandler Bing: It's a great idea.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Chandler Bing: Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Monica Geller: Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Rachel Green: Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Phoebe Buffay: Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Rachel Green: Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Ross Geller: Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
Chandler Bing: Art lover!
Ross Geller: What'd you say?
Chandler Bing: I said art lover.
Ross Geller: Is that supposed to be an insult?
Chandler Bing: I don't know, I'm very tired.
Ross Geller: So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Rachel Green: That sounds great.
Ross Geller: Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines.
Rachel Green: Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
Rachel Green: No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.
Phoebe Buffay: Naked alone time.
Rachel Green: No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
