unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
Joey Tribbiani: What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, Joey, I got you another present.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
Phoebe Buffay: It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Rachel Green: What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Joey Tribbiani: Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
Rachel Green: Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Phoebe Buffay: Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Rachel Green: What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
Phoebe Buffay: Our apartment is ready.
Rachel Green: And that makes you angry because...
Phoebe Buffay: Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Rachel Green: Where did you get that?
Phoebe Buffay: Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Rachel Green: Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: Hm?
Rachel Green: Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Phoebe Buffay: Fish!
Rachel Green: It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
Rachel Green: Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
Phoebe Buffay: We did have fun, didn't we?
Rachel Green: We did!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Rachel Green: Oh, I would love to!
Phoebe Buffay: Yay, okay!
Rachel Green: Good, good, good, good, good.
Phoebe Buffay: Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Rachel Green: Um... Done!
