unknown: nan
Ross Geller: I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
Monica Geller: What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Ross Geller: Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
Monica Geller: Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
Ben Geller: Texas?
Ross Geller: That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
unknown: nan
Ben Geller: Wow! Thanks!
Ross Geller: You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
Ben Geller: Are you for Hanukkah, too? Because I'm part-Jewish.
Ross Geller: You are? Me, too!
Monica Geller: Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Ross Geller: You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Ben Geller: Cool!
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Monica Geller: Come on Ben.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
Chandler Bing: Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Ben Geller: Santa!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: What are you doing here, Santa?
Chandler Bing: Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
Ross Geller: I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Chandler Bing: What?
Ben Geller: Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
Chandler Bing: You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Monica Geller: Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: What are you doing?
Chandler Bing: You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Ross Geller: Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
Chandler Bing: Why?
Ross Geller: Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Chandler Bing: But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Ross Geller: I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
Chandler Bing: Fine, I'll give the suit back.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, you think, you can keep it another night?
Chandler Bing: Santa? Really?
Monica Geller: Yes, is that okay?
Chandler Bing: Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Monica Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Then it's okay!
Ross Geller: Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
Ben Geller: No! Why does he have to go?
Chandler Bing: Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Ben Geller: No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
Ross Geller: Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Chandler Bing: Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Ben Geller: Okay, Santa!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Merry Christmas!
