unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hello, Joanna......'s office.
Joanna: I'm really sorry but I may be a little while longer.
Chandler Bing: How little?!
Joanna: A couple of hours, I feel awful.
Chandler Bing: Look, this isn't funny! You get back here right now!
Joanna: I can't!!
Chandler Bing: Why not?!
Joanna: I'm in my boss's car!
Chandler Bing: What?!
Joanna: Uh-oh, tunnel.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What?!
Chandler Bing: Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Rachel Green: You promised you would break up with her!
Chandler Bing: I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
Rachel Green: And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
Chandler Bing: It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Rachel Green: Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Chandler Bing: No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
Rachel Green: Oh, Chandler!! All right, this is it! You never see Joanna again!
Chandler Bing: Never!
Rachel Green: You never come into this office again!
Chandler Bing: Fine!
Rachel Green: You give me back my Walkman!
Chandler Bing: I-never borrowed your Walkman.
Rachel Green: Well, then I lost it. You buy me one!
Chandler Bing: You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! Ahhh!
Rachel Green: Does it hurt?
Chandler Bing: No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
Rachel Green: Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
Chandler Bing: About what?
Rachel Green: When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
Chandler Bing: I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Rachel Green: No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
Chandler Bing: Oh-ho-ho, I don't think so!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Well, this is much better.
