unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey, hey, man!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what's up?
Ross Geller: Uh...Mona just dumped me.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, man, I'm sorry. Why?
Ross Geller: Well, with everything that's been going on lately, I haven't exactly been the perfect boyfriend. You know, I, uh, I didn't tell her I got Rachel pregnant. I gave her a key to my apartment, and then had the locks changed! And then I lied to her about Rachel moving in with me. In a way, I actually judge her for not breaking up with me sooner, you know?
Joey Tribbiani: Still, that really sucks, man. Especially on Valentine's Day.
Ross Geller: Yeah. Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Joey Tribbiani without a date on Valentine's Day? What's going on, huh? Girl trouble?
Joey Tribbiani: Sort of.
Ross Geller: Really?!
Joey Tribbiani: You don't have to seem so happy about it.
Ross Geller: Oh, sorry. Well, look, maybe I can help you with it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I...I d-
Ross Geller: Hey, whatever it is, I am sure it has happened to me. Y'know, actually once-once I got dumped during sex.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Anyway, so, uh, so what is it?
Joey Tribbiani: Forget about it. It's no big deal.
Ross Geller: C'mon! Joey! What is it?
Joey Tribbiani: It's nothing.
Ross Geller: Hey, hey, it's me. Why can't you tell me?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, uh...sit down. Um... there's this woman that I like. A lot. But, uh...it can't happen.
Ross Geller: She's not a Tribbiani?
Joey Tribbiani: No!
Ross Geller: I knew it. So, is she someone from work?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes.
Ross Geller: Well, uh, does she like you?
Joey Tribbiani: Sometimes I think maybe she could. But it doesn't matter, because I can't do anything about it.
Ross Geller: Why not?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, it's complicated. She's with this other guy. For a long time. Someone from work, too. And I could never do that to the guy, because we're really good friends.
Ross Geller: So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh... is he still in love with her?
Joey Tribbiani: No. I don't think so.
Ross Geller: Okay. Um... is he a good guy?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, he's the best.
Ross Geller: Then talk to him! He might be fine with it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I don't know.
Ross Geller: Joey, it's worth finding out. I mean, if you really like her.
Joey Tribbiani: I do! So much! I can't stop thinking about her! I can't sleep, I-
Ross Geller: Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself.
Gunther: Here's your warm milk.
Ross Geller: I'm going to...uh...I'm going to, um, put the bourbon in it at home.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah.
Ross Geller: Anyway... seriously, uh...just...just talk to the guy, okay? And tell me how it goes.
Joey Tribbiani: It's Rachel.
unknown: nan
