unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Well, I'm, uh, going to pick up Mona. What have you got going tonight?
Rachel Green: Oh, I've got big Valentine's plans! I've got my Chinese food on the way, and the rest of your saltwater taffy!
Ross Geller: Y'know, it's interesting! Most people think that's made with seawater, when in fact-
Rachel Green: Ross, we actually watched the documentary together.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ooh! My Chinese food! Let me get my cash!
Ross Geller: Mona? What are-hi! What are you doing here? I'm, um, supposed to pick you up!
Mona: Change of plans, I made you a special Valentine's dinner! Surprise!
Ross Geller: Ayyyayyyy!
Rachel Green: Oh, hey, Mona!
Mona: Hi! Hi. Hi, Rachel! What's she doing here?
Ross Geller: I have no idea!
Rachel Green: I'll be watching TV if anybody needs me.
Mona: Seriously, what is she doing?
Ross Geller: Uh...lately, she just likes hanging out here.
Mona: Why?
Ross Geller: I think she's lonely.
Mona: Okay, but it's Valentine's Day!
Ross Geller: I know.
Mona: Can't we just ask her to go?
Ross Geller: No, no. She's way to emotional. And by emotional I mean crazy.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I'm not here! That's just my Chinese food!
Mona: Oh, my God! She has food delivered here?
Ross Geller: Mm-hmm. She's-she's emotional, but, but ballsy.
Rachel Green: You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to get in my sweats, and eat this in bed!
Ross Geller: And you thought she was going to be in our way! So, why don't you, uh, open the champagne, and I'll be right back. I've got a surprise for you.
Mona: You got another ex-wife back there?
Ross Geller: Please start drinking!
Rachel Green: I'm just going to grab the phone.
Mona: Oh, Rachel! Wait! Hey, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but, but, um... what are you doing?
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry! Do you need the phone?
Mona: No, no. Listen, Ross is too nice to say anything, but this is his apartment, and, and, we gotta have some boundaries, so why don't you go back to your place and give us some privacy?
Rachel Green: But, but, Mona, I live here.
Ross Geller: Happy Valentine's Day! ...Or something to remember me by.
