unknown: nan
Monica Geller: How long has it been this time?
Chandler Bing: 90 seconds.
Monica Geller: That's better. 90 seconds is a long time not to think about it...except all I did was think about it.
Chandler Bing: You know, it haunts me? Up 'til now, the worst thing I ever saw, was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy. After this, I would gladly make that my screensaver!
Monica Geller: Okay, well, we have to get past this! Why don't we get rid of the tape and pretend it never existed?
Chandler Bing: I can do that.
Monica Geller: Okay.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay. Now all we've got to do is get rid of this chair.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, thank God!
Chandler Bing: Oh, I know!
Monica Geller: Come in!
Rachel Green: Hi! I'm so sorry to barge in on your Valentine's, but I had to get away from all the yelling. Mona is dumping Ross.
Monica Geller: Oh, my God.
Chandler Bing: Poor Ross.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh, great. We have to watch him do yoga in his underwear, but for this he closes the drapes!
Monica Geller: Rach, you know that birthing tape you wanted to see? It's here.
Chandler Bing: Oh, And We Should Warn You, Before You Watch It don't watch it.
Rachel Green: Why? You saw it? Is it scary?
Chandler Bing: Well, let's just say it's ironic how footage of someone being born can make you want to kill yourself.
Rachel Green: Well, now, wait. Now I'm all freaked out. Come on, you guys will watch it with me.
Monica Geller: No, but I will leave a sweater that smells like me right next to you!
Rachel Green: C'mon, seriously, you guys, you're not going to make me watch this alone!
Monica Geller: She's right...of course not. Honey, get the tape.
Chandler Bing: This reminds me of a very specific part of the tape. Okay, here we go.
Rachel Green: Okay. Ooh, my! Woah! Why is that baby torturing that woman?!
Chandler Bing: Why have I seen this thing three times?!
Monica Geller: It's...still beautiful.
Rachel Green: Uh! It's horrible!
Monica Geller: I know! I know, I'm so sorry for you!
Rachel Green: Oh, my God!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Wait, you guys, look!
Rachel Green: What? Did her ass explode?!
Chandler Bing: No, the baby's out! Look, look!
Monica Geller: Oh, look at those little fingers and toes!
Chandler Bing: And look how happy the mom is now!
Monica Geller: Oh...Rach!
Rachel Green: Oh, screw you guys, you don't have to do it!
