unknown: nan
Rachel Green: ...I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
Monica Geller: You're jealous of Princess Caroline?
Rachel Green: Do I have my own castle?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey! Uh, Phoebe's not here is she?
Rachel Green: No.
Monica Geller: Oh great! Did you get a movie?
Joey Tribbiani: Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don't think it's the kind you're gonna like.
Chandler Bing: You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Sort of...
Monica Geller: Guys, what's going on?
Joey Tribbiani: Phoebe's a porn star!
#ALL#: What?!!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Phoebe Buffay In Buffay The Vampire Layer.
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Joey Tribbiani: Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
Ross Geller: And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
Rachel Green: Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Monica Geller: This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Chandler Bing: Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Monica Geller: Yes, but you are dead inside.
Joey Tribbiani: All right well, I'd better take that back.
Monica Geller: Wh-what, why?
Joey Tribbiani: We can't watch that! I mean that's Phoebe!
Monica Geller: Yeah you're right, we can't-we shouldn't watch this.
Rachel Green: Absolutely not.
Monica Geller: Y'know maybe a little bit!
Rachel Green: Probably just the first half.
Joey Tribbiani: No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
Ross Geller: Yeah! Good for you Joe!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Buffay: Ah, I thought I'd find you here, Nasforatool.
The Vampire: Buffay, are you going to plunge your stake into my dark places?
Buffay: Actually, I was kinda hoping it would be the other way around.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Chandler Bing: Her ankle is what you're watching?
Rachel Green: Well it's hard to tell... Oh God, if she would just stop moving.
Chandler Bing: She's just doing her job!
Joey Tribbiani: You sick bastards!
Rachel Green: Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't... Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! What's up? Oh my God! What am I doing?!!
