unknown: nan
Jill Green: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey!
Jill Green: You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Rachel Green: Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Jill Green: Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
Rachel Green: It's not random, it's Bob.
Jill Green: It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Rachel Green: No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
Jill Green: You asked him too?!
Rachel Green: Hm-mmm.
Jill Green: Why?!
Rachel Green: Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history...
Jill Green: I don't understand, do you want to go out with Ross?
Rachel Green: No.
Jill Green: You don't want him, but you don't want me to have him?
Rachel Green: Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Jill Green: Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
Rachel Green: Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Jill Green: Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.
Rachel Green: I'm not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!
Jill Green: Why are you so jealous of me?
Rachel Green: Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
Jill Green: Can't have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can't have is dairy!
Rachel Green: All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
Jill Green: Who?!
Rachel Green: In Human Resources!!!!!!
