unknown: nan
Janine Lecroix: I gotta go.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Janine Lecroix: I'm gonna be really late for dance class!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Janine Lecroix: Okay, now I'm really late.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, I'm all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips?
Janine Lecroix: Bye.
Monica Geller: Bye.
Joey Tribbiani: Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
Monica Geller: I am so glad you said cooks.
Rachel Green: I know.
Chandler Bing: Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
Rachel Green: Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! You can throw the rest away.
Chandler Bing: I'm not your garbage man. I'm your mailman.
Rachel Green: Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered.
Monica Geller: You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Rachel Green: Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Chandler Bing: A pharmacist.
Monica Geller: Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
Joey Tribbiani: I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
Chandler Bing: You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Joey Tribbiani: I was tired!
Rachel Green: Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!
Monica Geller: Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Rachel Green: Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Monica Geller: It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I made that for her!
Chandler Bing: You made pottery?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
Monica Geller: I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Rachel Green: Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Chandler Bing: Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
