unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. You're changing it!
Chandler Bing: I can't help it!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
Chandler Bing: Borrow money from me?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
Chandler Bing: Why is there jelly on your shoe?
Joey Tribbiani: I had a donut.
Rachel Green: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Rachel Green: So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! That guy's all right!
Rachel Green: Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Rachel Green: Y'know, all the women.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I'm right here!
Rachel Green: All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Chandler Bing: I'm still right here!
Rachel Green: All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Rachel Green: I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
Joey Tribbiani: I know, Monica told me.
Chandler Bing: Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
Rachel Green: Yeah. Sure.
Chandler Bing: Can you people not see me?!
Rachel Green: So, will you talk to him?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know Rach.
Rachel Green: Oh, come on! I'll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.
Joey Tribbiani: One! No ten! You said ten! You can't take that back!
