unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: ...so this guy was all And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. It was just so cool!
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Phoebe Buffay: I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Chandler Bing: Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Phoebe Buffay: You could get arrested, right now! All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Oh.
Chandler Bing: Hi, Joe.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I didn't know you guys were going to be here.
Monica Geller: Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this.
Joey Tribbiani: What?! Why?!
Monica Geller: What is going on with you?
Joey Tribbiani: Nothing!
Chandler Bing: Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Joey Tribbiani: All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Chandler Bing: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, it involved Monica.
Chandler Bing: You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Joey Tribbiani: Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
Monica Geller: What was the dream about?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
Monica Geller: Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
Joey Tribbiani: It-it doesn't?
Monica Geller: No!
Chandler Bing: No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
Joey Tribbiani: That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
Monica Geller: Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Joey Tribbiani: In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
Monica Geller: Um-hmm.
Chandler Bing: Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Joey Tribbiani: Not really.
Chandler Bing: Well there you have it!
Monica Geller: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Joey Tribbiani: No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Chandler Bing: Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Joey Tribbiani: Friends first? That's interesting.
Monica Geller: You become friends after?
Joey Tribbiani: No, never done that either.
Rachel Green: Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: That's right.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What's up Joey?
Joey Tribbiani: How you doin'?
unknown: nan
