unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food!
Ross Geller: Hey guys!
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video.
Rachel Green: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma and we'll give it to her when she is 18.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule!
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people!
Ross Geller: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet?
Rachel Green: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon.
Ross Geller: Ah, and where is Joey?
Rachel Green: I said it's still nap time.
Ross Geller: Hey, there is uncle Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday!
Joey Tribbiani: 18, uh?
Ross Geller: Joey, NO!
Joey Tribbiani: What, what!? it's for her hot friends!
Ross Geller: When they see this you'll be 52!
Joey Tribbiani: And starting to think about settling down!
Rachel Green: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on?
Joey Tribbiani: I'd love to! Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: We were supposed to bring presents?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know?
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, it's a birthday party.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl?
Rachel Green: Oh, she's still napping.
Chandler Bing: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
Rachel Green: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a first birthday again.
Monica Geller: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started!
Rachel Green: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up.
Monica Geller: Are you freaking kidding me, Green?
Jack Geller: HI!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: So glad you came!
Jack Geller: I can't believe Emma is already one!
Judy Geller: I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to take him to the emergency room!
Ross Geller: There's something you didn't know about your dad!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
Jack Geller: Thank you!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
Jack Geller: Which one are you?
Monica Geller: I can't believe Emma is still asleep!
Chandler Bing: I know, what are we gonna do?
Monica Geller: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up!
Chandler Bing: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
Phoebe Buffay: So you're gonna... hit on her?
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, no! My talents as an actor!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
Phoebe Buffay: Or you could stick a fork in an apple!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I think Emma might like it!
Rachel Green: Oh! Emma might like what?
Joey Tribbiani: Um, my present!
Rachel Green: What did you get her?
Joey Tribbiani: Actually we prepared performances.
Phoebe Buffay: Separate performances.
Joey Tribbiani: But equally real!
Rachel Green: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind performing them once now?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure, yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: O K.
Rachel Green: All right, let's get this party started, huh? Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us.
Ross Geller: Oh, great!
Phoebe Buffay: Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing prepared?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
Rachel Green: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us?
Joey Tribbiani: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma's books.
Rachel Green: Oh, ok, which one?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, why, it's a... one of her favorites, uh, "Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression" eesh! "Love you forever". Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be". . And while he rocked her, he sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be".
Rachel Green: Wow! That was amazing!
Ross Geller: Thank you so much for that gift!
Chandler Bing: I was not ready for this today!
Ross Geller: Amazing... amazing.
Rachel Green: Oh, Phoebe, I'm sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well.
Phoebe Buffay: That's right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there's no greater gift, than the gift of music. Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma!
Rachel Green: Is that it?
Phoebe Buffay: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . "Sex and the single mother. Finding your G-spot.
#ALL#: No, no, no, no, no!
