unknown: nan
Judy Geller: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday.
Jack Geller: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years.
Judy Geller: Yes, you'll be all grown up by then. We'll be... Well your grandfather and I might not be here.
Jack Geller: That's true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the grave, Emma!
Judy Geller: After all, my parents died very young.
Jack Geller: And my cholesterol's off the charts!
Judy Geller: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too!
Ross Geller: Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was just... yeah!
Rachel Green: Ross, um, don't forget to get a shot of Emma's cake. It's in a box in the fridge.
Ross Geller: Sure.
Rachel Green: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Corino's.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid.
Rachel Green: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different shapes, and if you give them a photo, they'll copy it in icing!
Monica Geller: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma?
Rachel Green: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny.
Ross Geller: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties?
Rachel Green: Ross, what are you talking about? oh! Oh my God! They put my baby's face on a penis!
Phoebe Buffay: oh! Now it's a party!
Rachel Green: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to be a disaster I would have baked it myself!
Joey Tribbiani: Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious?
Judy Geller: Jack, look at this.
Jack Geller: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny!
Ross Geller: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again.
Rachel Green: No, no, this is not what I ordered. Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for my daughter's birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now!
Ross Geller: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence!
Rachel Green: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even want it in my home... Joey, don't touch it!!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm so confused!
Rachel Green: Yes, yes. I still want my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts!
Chandler Bing: To be fair this one does have nuts.
Ross Geller: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake.
Monica Geller: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!
Ross Geller: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? Ok!
Chandler Bing: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
Monica Geller: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
Chandler Bing: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday.
Monica Geller: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour.
Phoebe Buffay: And you know, I have a massage client soon.
Ross Geller: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh?
Monica Geller: Alright, 5 more minutes.
Ross Geller: Hello? Oh no! What happened? Ok ok, where are you? . Ok, I'll be right there.
Chandler Bing: Was that Emma? Is she up?
Ross Geller: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go.
Monica Geller: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us We've been complaining the longest!
Ross Geller: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone?
Chandler Bing: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!
Ross Geller: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves!
Joey Tribbiani: Got it! Hey hey hey! Where do you think you're going?
Chandler Bing: To the bathroom!
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy!
Chandler Bing: What are you doing? Get the hell out of here!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it.
Phoebe Buffay: No, it did not.
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Judy Geller: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane.
Jack Geller: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime.
Judy Geller: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok!
Judy Geller: Bye... Bye dear.
Joey Tribbiani: Nighty-night!
Judy Geller: Nighty-night!
Joey Tribbiani: Bye, bye.
Phoebe Buffay: Joey? How could you just let them leave?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country.
Monica Geller: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in.
Chandler Bing: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! I forgot you used to live here!
Joey Tribbiani: Hello?
Estelle Leonard: Joey! It's Estelle!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Estelle Leonard: So, how did your audition go today?
Joey Tribbiani: What audition?
Estelle Leonard: The one I told you about last week?
Joey Tribbiani: What? You never said anything about an audition!
Estelle Leonard: Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition. I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to have a monologue prepared.
Joey Tribbiani: A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Phoebe Buffay: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute!
Monica Geller: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go!
Monica Geller: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
Monica Geller: Ok, ten.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else?
Phoebe Buffay: No, lets just draw straws.
Joey Tribbiani: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the..
Chandler Bing: I'm begging you stop.
Joey Tribbiani: Right.
Monica Geller: Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday. We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!! Let's do that!
Chandler Bing: That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont!
Monica Geller: Everybody get your toys!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok! I want the dolphin!
Chandler Bing: Thats a bear.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm too excited!
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays!
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys!
Chandler Bing: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!!
Phoebe Buffay: Go! Go!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on robot!
Monica Geller: What are you barking at?
Monica Geller: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help?
Chandler Bing: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do?
Joey Tribbiani: Way to go robot!
Phoebe Buffay: Good job Alan!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, good race you guys.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, see you later!
Monica Geller: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically...
Chandler Bing: They left.
Rachel Green: No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna be there as soon as we can. Bye...
Ross Geller: RACHEL!
Rachel Green: OOH! God! Sorry!
Ross Geller: I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver.
Rachel Green: Emma's awake.
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Rachel Green: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake.
Ross Geller: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.
Rachel Green: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me.
Ross Geller: Rach, she's not going to remember this.
Rachel Green: I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! They have to learn!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: It's not bad.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that?
Ross Geller: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears.
Rachel Green: Well, I'm very impressed.
Ross Geller: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures.
Monica Geller: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica?
Monica Geller: Game?
Chandler Bing: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little.
Chandler Bing: Ooh! That's my girl!
Monica Geller: That's how old you are.
Chandler Bing: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom?
Monica Geller: Ooh, I want one...
Chandler Bing: Me too...
Chandler Bing: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one?
Monica Geller: ...and head to Canada!
Chandler Bing: I was kidding.
Monica Geller: I wasn't. Let's get going!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back?
Chandler Bing: No, not yet.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh good, I didn't miss the party.
Monica Geller: What about your massage client?
Phoebe Buffay: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
Joey Tribbiani: I've been here the whole time!
Ross Geller: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs.
Rachel Green: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did.
Rachel Green: What?
Chandler Bing: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today?
Emma: Wo-ish.
Rachel Green: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many!
Ross Geller: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means...
Rachel Green: NO, no science camp!
Ross Geller: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake.
Rachel Green: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly!
Monica Geller: Thanks!
Ross Geller: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma.
Chandler Bing: Let's do it, come on!
Ross Geller: What's wrong? Are you okay?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, you made it into a bunny.
Joey Tribbiani: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
