Nora Tyler Bing: I am famished. What do I want...
Chandler Bing: Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?
Chandler Bing: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Ross Geller: What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Chandler Bing: I know I am.
Nora Tyler Bing: Who's doing shots?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm in.
Nora Tyler Bing: There y'go. Ross?
Ross Geller: Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Ross Geller: ...But a man can change.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Anyone want me to appraise anything?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Chandler Bing: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
unknown: nan
Nora Tyler Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226?
unknown: nan
Nora Tyler Bing: You okay there, slugger?
Ross Geller: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Nora Tyler Bing: What is with you tonight?
Ross Geller: Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing.
Nora Tyler Bing: Okay, thank you. It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.
Ross Geller: No. It's the one he's licking.
Nora Tyler Bing: She's supposed to be with you.
Ross Geller: You're good.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
Ross Geller: The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
Nora Tyler Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Ross Geller: When?
Nora Tyler Bing: He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.
Ross Geller: The guy on the cover with his nipples showing?
Nora Tyler Bing: No, it's you!
Ross Geller: Please.
Nora Tyler Bing: No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
Ross Geller: Right.
Nora Tyler Bing: You are gonna be fine, believe me.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Uh-oh...
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.
