Monica Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Monica Geller: 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Rach.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hello.
Monica Geller: Hello.
Phoebe Buffay: Going to the hospital tonight?
Monica Geller: No, you?
Phoebe Buffay: No, you?
Monica Geller: You just asked me.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, maybe it was a trick question. Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Rachel Green: Okay. I am so hot!
Joey Tribbiani: Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Ross Geller: I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
Joey Tribbiani: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Rachel Green: Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe Buffay: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Phoebe Buffay: You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break!
Rachel Green: Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What was that?
Ross Geller: Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser?
Joey Tribbiani: Mother-Kisser... I'll shut up.
Ross Geller: Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Chandler Bing: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Ross Geller: Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
Chandler Bing: Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: We're rehearsing a Greek play.
Chandler Bing: That's very funny. We done now?
Ross Geller: No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Chandler Bing: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Ross Geller: Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
