unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What's that song? It has been in my head all day long.
Chandler Bing: It's the theme from Good Will Humping.
Rachel Green: Y'know who doesn't even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah right.
Rachel Green: No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Chandler Bing: Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Rachel Green: Yes!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, he likes porn.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Where ya going?
Rachel Green: I'm going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. Hey, Pheebs!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Monica Geller: How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Chandler Bing: They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Ross Geller: I did.
Monica Geller: And well, what did she say?
Ross Geller: Thank you.
Monica Geller: Oh, you're totally welcome! What'd she say?
Ross Geller: She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
Chandler Bing: Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
Ross Geller: What do I do now?
Joey Tribbiani: You play hard to get.
Ross Geller: She already lives in London.
Joey Tribbiani: Then you go to Tokyo.
Chandler Bing: All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
Monica Geller: It is not over! You're over!
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: You know!
Chandler Bing: Okay. Good one.
Monica Geller: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
Ross Geller: Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Way to be strong, man!
unknown: nan
