unknown: nan
#ALL#: Hey, hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, you'll never guess what just happened... Phoebe and I got mugged!
Monica Geller: You okay?!
Ross Geller: Yah, because Phoebe knew the mugger!
Monica Geller: How do you know a mugger?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry I have friends outside the six of us.
Ross Geller: You wanna know how she knew him? Because Phoebe used to mug people.
Monica Geller: Seriously?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know... sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, that is awful!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony... I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug dealer.
Monica Geller: You're mother killed herself!
Phoebe Buffay: She was a drug dealer!
Ross Geller: Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because I was about to do some serious damage!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: Well, this must've brought back some really bad memories for you, Ross.
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Monica Geller: Well, Ross was mugged as a kid.
Phoebe Buffay: You were?
Ross Geller: Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics... you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week-
Monica Geller: Wonderwoman!
Ross Geller: Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for someone... ... when outta nowhere this thug with a pipe jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, punk!"
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god.
Ross Geller: I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy"
Monica Geller: Oh yeah! What was his superpower again?
Ross Geller: A superhuman thirst for knowledge.
Monica Geller: That's it.
Ross Geller: Well, I-I better get to class Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: No... actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street... that's where stabby Joe works.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I think we have a problem here.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, uhm, back in my mugging days, you know, I, uhm, I worked St. Marc's Comics.
Monica Geller: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.
Monica Geller: So?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said-
Monica Geller: "Geology rocks!"
Monica Geller: Oh my god!
Phoebe Buffay: I know... I mugged Ross!
