unknown: nan
Receptionist: This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Lennart Haze.
Joey Tribbiani: It is so amazing to meet you. I'm such a big fan of your work.
Lennart: Well, I've... I've been blessed with a... a lot of great roles.
Joey Tribbiani: Tell me about it! "Unlimited nights and weekends!"
Lennart: You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out. I didn't do that for the money, I believe in those phones. I almost lost a cousin because of bad wireless service.
Joey Tribbiani: No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials.
Lennart: Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Lennart: Well, I do bring a certain credibility to the role.
Joey Tribbiani: Are you kiddin'? When they shoot you out of that cannon.
Lennart: Peeeeeooooooooch "Hang up that phone!" One take!
Joey Tribbiani: Wow!
Lennart: So, shall we read?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yah, sure.
Lennart: Top of act two. This is my entrance. You got it?
Lennart: "What the hell are you still doing here"?
Joey Tribbiani: Err, "I think you know".
Lennart: "Bastard"!
Joey Tribbiani: "I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now."
Lennart: "Go, go!"
Joey Tribbiani: "I can't. Oh, I want to, long pause, but I can't."
Lennart: I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long pause"
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a...
Lennart: No. Thank you so much for coming in. We appreciate it, thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southern "I could go right now, maaan!"
Lennart: My god in heaven.
Producer #1: Joey, hang on for a second. Lennart, can we talk to you for a moment?
Lennart: You, you gotta be kidding. See, h-he, he can't act. .
Lennart: Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. This is a play. No, listen: if you insist on this, I will call my agent so fast on a cell phone that has a connection that is so clear he's gonna think I'm next door.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: 'How you doing?' You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please.
Lennart: Well, if you wanna come back at the end of the day today, here are my notes. Ready?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Lennart: Uhm, you're in your head. You-you're thinking way too much.
Joey Tribbiani: I really doubt that.
Lennart: No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene is a struggle, uhm, it's a race. Also, what you did was horizontal. Don't be afraid to explore the vertical. And don't learn the words. Let the words learn you.
Joey Tribbiani: Couldn't I just sleep with the producer?
