unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Rachel Green: Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Joey Tribbiani: The guy still won't put out, huh?
Phoebe Buffay: Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
#ALL#: Sorry Phoebs.
Phoebe Buffay: Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Phoebe Buffay: No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe he's. . . gay.
Phoebe Buffay: Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
Rachel Green: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Phoebe Buffay: No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell.
Monica Geller: Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.
Chandler Bing: Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.
Rachel Green: What? C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?
Rachel Green: Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Joey Tribbiani: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
Rachel Green: Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Chandler Bing: So you really OK about all this?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Ross Geller: Hi guys.
#ALL#: Hey.
Ross Geller: Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Monica Geller: Only if you say his full name.
Ross Geller: Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Monica Geller: Alright.
Joey Tribbiani: You're getting a cat?
Ross Geller: Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.
Rachel Green: Together?
Ross Geller: Uh huh.
Rachel Green: Both of you?
Ross Geller: Yep.
Rachel Green: Together.
Julie: Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Rachel Green: Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Ross Geller: Hopefully.
Rachel Green: Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
