unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Michael: Fruitflies?
Rachel Green: Yes! Thank you.
Waiter: So, would you like any dessert?
Michael: No! No dessert, just a check, please.
Rachel Green: Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Michael: No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Rachel Green: Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Michael: Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Rachel Green: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Michael: Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Rachel Green: Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Guy: Hang on.
Rachel Green: Hello, excuse me.
Guy: What.
Rachel Green: Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Guy: I'm talkin'!
Rachel Green: I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Guy: Alright, fine. I'll call you back.
Rachel Green: Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Michael: Good.
Rachel Green: Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
