unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey, who's Phoebe with?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: So... who's your friend?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Joey Tribbiani: OW, why, why, why?
Phoebe Buffay: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with.
Phoebe Buffay: Mandy.
Joey Tribbiani: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs?
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Joey Tribbiani: I know why I don't remember her, huh?
Rachel Green: Do you think I'm someone else?
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Rachel Green: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else!
Joey Tribbiani: Growth!
Phoebe Buffay: Fine, I'll give you her number.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. Mandy.
Phoebe Buffay: SARAH!
Joey Tribbiani: Saraaah.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Ross Geller: How does this look?
Rachel Green: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... a little bit more... a little bit more... There you go! Now throw it away!
Ross Geller: C'mon! This looks good!
Rachel Green: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat.
Ross Geller: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Ross Geller: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.
Joey Tribbiani: I can see why, nice shirt!
Ross Geller: You're wearing the same shirt.
Joey Tribbiani: Stupid Gap on every corner!
