unknown: nan
Erica: Hi!
Adoption Agency Guy: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Agency Guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it.
Monica Geller: I-Is... Is that a picture?
Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it.
Monica Geller: Look, doctor! Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk... We're not who you think we are.
Agency Guy: I don't understand.
Chandler Bing: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
Erica: What?
Agency Guy: That's impossible.
Chandler Bing: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like.
Agency Guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me.
Erica: So who are you?
Chandler Bing: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby.
Erica: So you lied to me before?
Monica Geller: Well, we... "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend.
Erica: I can't believe this.
Monica Geller: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider...
Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this?
Monica Geller: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file...
Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over.
Chandler Bing: Erica wait!
Erica: I've nothing to say to you.
Chandler Bing: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it?
Chandler Bing: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong.
Chandler Bing: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please?
Chandler Bing: You still want that baby?
Monica Geller: God bless you Chandler Bing!
