unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Rachel Green: Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys!
Rachel Green: Joey! Come here! Come here!
Joey Tribbiani: What? What?
Rachel Green: Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
Rachel Green: No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Phoebe Buffay: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Rachel Green: Wh-what do you mean?
Phoebe Buffay: Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Rachel Green: Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Rachel Green: Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't take any...
Phoebe Buffay: No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Joey Tribbiani: Noo! I can't take any more secrets! I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
Rachel Green: You don't have any secrets!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal.
Rachel Green: So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?
Joey Tribbiani: Ugh.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
Chandler Bing: Hello children!
#ALL#: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
Chandler Bing: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
Chandler Bing: Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. Are you okay?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Chandler Bing: Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Phoebe Buffay: Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
Chandler Bing: What's going on?
Phoebe Buffay: I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
unknown: nan
