unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
Monica Geller: Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Monica Geller: Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Chandler Bing: Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Monica Geller: Okay.
Rachel Green: Okay great, hold on a sec! Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Monica Geller: I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Phoebe Buffay: I have quarters!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
Ross Geller: Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Ross Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: That new mountain bike?
Ross Geller: No.
Monica Geller: Well what did you send?
Ross Geller: A basket of mini-muffins.
Phoebe Buffay: But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Ross Geller: The small one.
Rachel Green: What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
Ross Geller: Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Chandler Bing: Your work makes me sad.
Ross Geller: Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again!
Rachel Green: All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Monica Geller: Bye!
#ALL#: Bye!
Phoebe Buffay: Bye Chandler! I miss you already.
Chandler Bing: Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Monica Geller: Actually, I did!
Chandler Bing: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Monica Geller: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Chandler Bing: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Chandler Bing: Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
