unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Noooo.
Rachel Green: Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Ross Geller: Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Rachel Green: Y'know what you should do?
Ross Geller: Huh?
Rachel Green: You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm listening.
Rachel Green: See?
Ross Geller: That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Phoebe Buffay: He broke that.
Ross Geller: Well, he had gravity boots.
Rachel Green: Yeah, he broke those too.
Joey Tribbiani: So he likes to break stuff.
Ross Geller: Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Phoebe Buffay: I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Ross Geller: Right.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hello! Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! It's Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh? Hello you.
Chandler Bing: Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day.
Phoebe Buffay: Eh?
Chandler Bing: Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Phoebe Buffay: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Rachel Green: Are you kidding?!
Phoebe Buffay: No!
Rachel Green: I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know?
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Rachel Green: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: They know you know.
Rachel Green: Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Phoebe Buffay: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
Joey Tribbiani: I couldn't even if I wanted too.
