unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
Frank Buffay Sr.: Thank you. All right.
Phoebe Buffay: Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Frank Buffay Sr.: Oh yes. Yes, yes, I am, uh-hmm.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Frank Buffay Sr.: So, what did Francis leave me?
Phoebe Buffay: Huh?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
Frank Buffay Sr.: Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Yes, yes I was.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
Frank Buffay Sr.: It really says that?!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. See?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Phoebe Buffay: Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Phoebe Buffay: What?!
Frank Buffay Sr.: Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Phoebe Buffay: But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Yeah, yeah. Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Lilly's dead.
Frank Buffay Sr.: She what?!
Phoebe Buffay: She's dead.
Frank Buffay Sr.: Are you sure?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake.
Frank Buffay Sr.: I can't believe this. I just-I can't believe this. How-how-Oh my God. How long ago?
Phoebe Buffay: 17 years ago.
Frank Buffay Sr.: Oh! What about, what about the girls?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Frank Buffay Sr.: Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
Frank Buffay Sr.: So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Frank Buffay Sr.: All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
Phoebe Buffay: That's a defense?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
Phoebe Buffay: You make up songs?
Frank Buffay Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Frank Buffay Sr.: I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I am.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Not yet, no.
