unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Rachel Green: Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
Chandler Bing: And a date with a man!
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Rachel Green: Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Ross Geller: Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
Monica Geller: Well, at least you scared someone.
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
Phoebe Buffay: All right.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Monica Geller: What are you talking about?
Phoebe Buffay: As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Monica Geller: I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
Phoebe Buffay: He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
Monica Geller: No he's not!
Chandler Bing: Yes, he is!
Monica Geller: What?!
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
Monica Geller: You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
Ross Geller: Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Monica Geller: But the minute we start to lie to each other... And by 'we' I mean society.
