unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Chandler Bing: Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat!
Ross Geller: Sorry.
Chandler Bing: And the bunny got away.
Ross Geller: This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Chandler Bing: And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Done.
Rachel Green: Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Joey Tribbiani: Great! Thanks, Rach!
Rachel Green: Sure! God, please take those off!
Joey Tribbiani: All right.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: Is everything okay?
Joey Tribbiani: Are you all right?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs! Sorry!
Phoebe Buffay: It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Rachel Green: Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
Monica Geller: Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Ross Geller: Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
Monica Geller: Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Monica Geller: Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Phoebe Buffay: Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
