unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...
Ross Geller: No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
Rachel Green: I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
Ross Geller: For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Rachel Green: You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
Ross Geller: Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
Rachel Green: But I told you, I didn't have the time!
Ross Geller: Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
Rachel Green: Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
Ross Geller: No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!
Rachel Green: Just a job!
Ross Geller: Yes.
Rachel Green: Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Ross Geller: No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Rachel Green: Well neither do I!
Ross Geller: Is this about Mark?
Rachel Green: Oh my God.
Ross Geller: Okay, it's not, it's not.
Rachel Green: Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Ross Geller: Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Rachel Green: I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Ross Geller: Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
Rachel Green: No. A break from us.
unknown: nan
