unknown: nan
Rachel Green: No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
Ross Geller: Well you said you couldn't go out so....
Sophie: You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That's it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.
Rachel Green: Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
Ross Geller: Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
Rachel Green: Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Ross Geller: Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
Rachel Green: But I don't, hmm... Oh, who approved that order?! Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. Get me Mark on the phone!
Sophie: I love Mark. Do you know Mark?
Ross Geller: Yeah!!
Rachel Green: Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
Ross Geller: Pepper?
Rachel Green: None for me.
Ross Geller: Okay sorry, whew.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... Oh my God!!
Ross Geller: Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Rachel Green: Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
Ross Geller: I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
Rachel Green: Ross you're not listening to me, I don't have time to stop.
Ross Geller: Come on Rach, you don't have what, ten minutes?
Rachel Green: I don't have ten minutes!!
Ross Geller: What? Sophie, does she have ten minutes?
Rachel Green: Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don't!
Ross Geller: Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
Rachel Green: Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later.
Ross Geller: Yeah, but wait...
Rachel Green: Good bye!
unknown: nan
Sophie: Actually, that's our three hole punch.
