unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Chandler Bing: As crazy as soccer?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
Chandler Bing: You mean you didn't get it from this?
Joey Tribbiani: The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
Chandler Bing: Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Joey Tribbiani: How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
Chandler Bing: I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Chandler Bing: Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Phoebe Buffay: It's not that bad.
Chandler Bing: Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Joey Tribbiani: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Chandler Bing: No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!! That's even worse!!
Chandler Bing: How is that worse?!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know! But it's the same!
Chandler Bing: You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Joey Tribbiani: Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Joey Tribbiani: Name one!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What happened?!!
Joey Tribbiani: Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
Chandler Bing: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Chandler Bing: So--You got in voluntarily?!
Joey Tribbiani: I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Chandler Bing: BEND OVER?!!!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Lorraine: Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought.
Chandler Bing: ...And what did you bring?
Lorraine: She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Chandler Bing: Janice?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Janice?!
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh.... my.... God.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: No way! I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Chandler Bing: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Ross Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Cupping.
Joey Tribbiani: That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Ross Geller: Yes, yes it is. In prison!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I said name one!
