unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey! Hi!
Ross Geller: Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Rachel Green: Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Ross Geller: Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
Rachel Green: Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
Ross Geller: The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Rachel Green: What?! What? What happened?!
Ross Geller: Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Ross Geller: And somebody took a shot at me!
Rachel Green: Really?!
Ross Geller: No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Rachel Green: Because a car backfired?
Ross Geller: Okay, why are you here?
Rachel Green: Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Ross Geller: You talked to her?
Rachel Green: No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
Ross Geller: Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Rachel Green: Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
Ross Geller: Wow!
Rachel Green: Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Ross Geller: Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Rachel Green: Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Ross Geller: Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Rachel Green: Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Ross Geller: Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Rachel Green: Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Ross Geller: You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Rachel Green: Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Ross Geller: Huh.
Rachel Green: I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Ross Geller: That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Rachel Green: Well, there you go!
Ross Geller: Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
Rachel Green: Close call day.
Ross Geller: Hey, thanks Rach.
Rachel Green: Ohh, honey no problem. Okay.
Ross Geller: Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
Rachel Green: Oh?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: "Hey Ross, it's you!" Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
Rachel Green: No.
Ross Geller: Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I want my money back.
Rachel Green: Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right?
unknown: nan
