unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Dude! How come you took off?
Chandler Bing: Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever...
Joey Tribbiani: Is something wrong?
Chandler Bing: No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Chandler Bing: You dove in front of Ross! Ross!
Joey Tribbiani: That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
Chandler Bing: I do not hate Ross!
Joey Tribbiani: Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
Chandler Bing: What picture?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Chandler Bing: Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Chandler Bing: When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Chandler Bing: From a bullet!
Joey Tribbiani: I know it doesn't make much sense...
Chandler Bing: Much sense?!
Joey Tribbiani: Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
Chandler Bing: So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
Joey Tribbiani: I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is the greatest sandwich in the world!
Chandler Bing: So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
Joey Tribbiani: No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!
Chandler Bing: Really?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me, here.
Chandler Bing: Thanks.
Joey Tribbiani: No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: How good is that?
Chandler Bing: Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: See?
Chandler Bing: Hm-hmm.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
Chandler Bing: I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. With a bite! Gee-e-e-eez!
