Phoebe Buffay: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Chandler Bing: Might wanna open with the snowman.
unknown: nan
#ALL#: Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.
Monica Geller: So, how'd it go?
Joey Tribbiani: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
Ross Geller: How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
Joey Tribbiani: I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Monica Geller: So what are you gonna be?
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Rachel Green: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Chandler Bing: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Rachel Green: Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you wish!
Chandler Bing: It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
#ALL#: Yeah, okay. Alright.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
#ALL#: Woooo! Yeah!
Rachel Green: Phoebe, you're on.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, oh, good.
Rachel Green: Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Phoebe Buffay: Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.
Phoebe Buffay: I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: nan
Phoebe Buffay: ...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy...
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: nan
Phoebe Buffay: ...I feel a little sneezy And now I-
Phoebe Buffay: Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
Max: No. No, that's- that's okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Chandler Bing: That guy's going home with a note!
David: Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Phoebe Buffay: Could you speak up please?
David: Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Max: Daryl Hannah.
David: Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Max: Hard quality.
David: -hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
