Ross Geller: Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Rachel Green: Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Ross Geller: Just a smidge.
Phoebe Buffay: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Monica Geller: I think it's romantic.
Phoebe Buffay: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Chandler Bing: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Monica Geller: What?!
Ross Geller: C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
Chandler Bing: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Chandler Bing: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Nice shoes, huh?
Chandler Bing: Aah, y'killing me!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
Ross Geller: Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Monica Geller: Do you always have to bring him here?
Ross Geller: I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Chandler Bing: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Ross Geller: Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Chandler Bing: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
