Janice Litman Goralnik: I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow!
Chandler Bing: You remember Janice.
Monica Geller: Vividly.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi.
Sandy: Hi, I'm Sandy.
Joey Tribbiani: Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! ...You brought your kids.
Sandy: Yeah. That's okay, right?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Par-tay!
Monica Geller: That thing is not coming in here.
Ross Geller: 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Monica Geller: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Ross Geller: Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Monica Geller: Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Ross Geller: Thank you. C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Rachel Green: Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Phoebe Buffay: And then... your face is bloated?
Rachel Green: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
unknown: nan
Sandy: Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Sandy: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, kids...
Ross Geller: Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Janice Litman Goralnik: There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!
Chandler Bing: But you found me!
Janice Litman Goralnik: Here, Ross, take our picture. Smile! You're on Janice Camera!
Chandler Bing: Kill me. Kill me now.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
unknown: nan
Bobby Rush: Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Bobby Rush: It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.
Chandler Bing: Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, no. Oh, no.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh, will you give me the thing.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi, Max!
Max: Yoko. I've decided to go to Minsk without you.
David: Wow.
Max: It won't be the same- but it'll still be Minsk. Happy New Year.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you alright?
David: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: You're going to Minsk.
David: No, I'm... not going to Minsk.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
David: Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
David: Uh, ow.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
David: I'll never forget you.
Phoebe Buffay: And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Dick Clark: Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: There y'go, kids.
Chandler Bing: And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight.
Joey Tribbiani: You seen Sandy?
Chandler Bing: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Rachel Green: Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
#ALL#: What?
Rachel Green: The bll is drrbing!
Dick Clark: In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...
Chandler Bing: And the moment of joy is upon us.
Joey Tribbiani: Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
Phoebe Buffay: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Monica Geller: Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Phoebe Buffay: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Rachel Green: I can't kiss anyone.
Monica Geller: So I'm kissing everyone?
Joey Tribbiani: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
Ross Geller: Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
Chandler Bing: Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Joey Tribbiani: Alrightalrightalright. There.
