Ross Geller: So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Monica Geller: I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Chandler Bing: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: You know more than one Fun Bobby?
Chandler Bing: I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Rachel Green: Okay, here we go...
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
Rachel Green: There. Now there is.
Ross Geller: Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, four.
Ross Geller: Four.
Rachel Green: Five.
Ross Geller: Five.
Rachel Green: Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Ross Geller: Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Rachel Green: Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Ross Geller: Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Monica Geller: What's the matter?
Ross Geller: Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Chandler Bing: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Ross Geller: Really.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Ross Geller: What, uh... what juggling thing?
Chandler Bing: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Ross Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
unknown: nan
Max: Phoebe. Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Max: No. Have you seen David?
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, he hasn't been around.
Max: Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Phoebe Buffay: Minsk?
Max: Minsk. It's in Russia.
Phoebe Buffay: I know where Minsk is.
Max: We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.
Phoebe Buffay: So when, when do you leave?
Max: January first.
