unknown: nan
Monica Geller: See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Chandler Bing: What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Rachel Green: Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
Chandler Bing: Absolutely! Y'know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
Rachel Green: Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Rach?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this?
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Joey!
Chandler Bing: What is the matter with you?
Rachel Green: Ugh!
Joey Tribbiani: Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
unknown: nan
The Woman: Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
Monica Geller: I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
The Woman: Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
Monica Geller: No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
The Woman: I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Monica Geller: Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
The Woman: Please, can't you help me out?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Chandler Bing: Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Monica Geller: All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
The Woman: Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, that's her.
The Woman: Thank you.
Monica Geller: It's unbelievable! I-I can't believe that sign didn't work!
Chandler Bing: Y'know what would work?
Monica Geller: Hmm?
Chandler Bing: Stop making candy!
Monica Geller: But they like it!
Chandler Bing: You mean they like you.
Monica Geller: Maybe.
Chandler Bing: Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Monica Geller: Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
