unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Tag Jones: That's kinda sad.
Rachel Green: Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Tag Jones: Got it!
Rachel Green: Let's roll!
unknown: nan
Mr. Zelner: Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Rachel Green: Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Mr. Zelner: Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Rachel Green: Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Mr. Zelner: Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Rachel Green: Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Mr. Zelner: Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Rachel Green: Well...
Tag Jones: Uh Mr. Zelner, I'm the one who filled in that evaluation.
Rachel Green: Oh no-no-no...
Tag Jones: Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, I thought it would be funny.
Mr. Zelner: You wrote that you have a cute touchie?
Tag Jones: Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and I'm kinda strangely proud of my butt.
Mr. Zelner: It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
Rachel Green: You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Mr. Zelner: Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
Rachel Green: Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
Tag Jones: No, don't worry about it.
Rachel Green: No, you could've lost your job.
Tag Jones: Are you kidding me?! With a cute butt like this, I'd find work.
Rachel Green: Thank you! You're great!
Tag Jones: Y'know what?
Rachel Green: What?
Tag Jones: I feel great. In fact! What?
Rachel Green: I... It just-it took me so long to get that desk organized.
Tag Jones: Oh, I'm sorry.
Rachel Green: There it is.
