unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?
Monica Geller: No, no. It felt nice to acknowledge this.
Phoebe Buffay: Where did you go to do it?
Monica Geller: Uhm the... the ministry... of names... bureau...
Chandler Bing: YOU NEVER DID IT!
Monica Geller: I'm sorry. It's just the idea of being an official Bing.
Chandler Bing: Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
Mike Hannigan: Here you go.
Phoebe Buffay: Thanks! Honey, would you want me to take your name?
Mike Hannigan: Oh, it's just... It's up to you. It's your name. You've got to live with it.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, let's see, call me mrs Hannigan.
Chandler Bing: Mrs Hannigan?
Phoebe Buffay: What? Can't you see I'm in the middle of something? Ooh, I like it.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
Joey Tribbiani: No, thank you.
Monica Geller: All right. I know you're not happy about us moving, but you're the only one who hasn't seen the house.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, come with us. You'll see how close it is to the city.
Joey Tribbiani: But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.
Monica Geller: Joey, please come. It would mean so much to us.
Joey Tribbiani: You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
Chandler Bing: Damn it.
Monica Geller: See you guys later.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay!
Monica Geller: I'll pick you up at eleven. So glad you're coming.
Phoebe Buffay: Good for you. That was really mature.
Joey Tribbiani: What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Mike Hannigan: You're a strange kind of grown-up.
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...
Mike Hannigan: Woo-wo-hey-hey-hey... Can we not talk about that right now?
Phoebe Buffay: All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?
Joey Tribbiani: I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye!
