unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh please, somebody tell me I don't have to go to work today!
Monica Geller: What's the matter?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
Monica Geller: So do them for free.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
Ross Geller: They make you take an oath?
Phoebe Buffay: No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Chandler Bing: Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
Phoebe Buffay: No, I can handle it. No, I'm a professional.
Rachel Green: Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
Monica Geller: Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Chandler Bing: Because that's the only part of you he can see when he's on the table!
Monica Geller: You're gonna do some feet flirtin'!
Phoebe Buffay: I don't what your talking about.
Ross Geller: Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Phoebe Buffay: Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh! My hero! What happened?
Joey Tribbiani: Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
Monica Geller: What a minute, what did he say?
Joey Tribbiani: He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted-I'll see you later.
Rachel Green: What?! You got us evicted!!
Monica Geller: I told you not to go down there!
Joey Tribbiani: Well he made Rachel cry!
Monica Geller: Rachel always cries!
Rachel Green: That's not true!
Monica Geller: Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Joey Tribbiani: All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Rachel Green: Go!!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, all right, all right. I mean I'll have to check with him first, but I'll think he'll be cool with it.
