unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So you didn't leave the bank?
Ross Geller: No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
Rachel Green: What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Chandler Bing: To pay for the gym.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Rachel Green: You got fired?!
Monica Geller: Oh my Gosh!
Phoebe Buffay: It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Rachel Green: Sweety...
Phoebe Buffay: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
unknown: nan
Mr. Treeger: Hey Duck, is Chick here?
Chandler Bing: Yeah... Bunny-rabbit.
Joey Tribbiani: So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Mr. Treeger: Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
Joey Tribbiani: Look, you wanna use our place?
Mr. Treeger: No, I ahh, had another idea.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: We did it!!
Mr. Treeger: I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
Joey Tribbiani: I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Mr. Treeger: Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well, okay, good luck.
Mr. Treeger: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
Mr. Treeger: Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think I'm ready to dance with girls.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Mr. Treeger: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Go get 'em Treeger.
Mr. Treeger: Right. Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Mr. Treeger: Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
Joey Tribbiani: No, I'm good.
unknown: nan
