unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Ross Geller: No, 10 is the highest.
Joey Tribbiani: Why is 10 the highest?
Ross Geller: Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't want to marry Chandler!
Rachel Green: Okay, uh...
Joey Tribbiani: I've got cold feet.
Rachel Green: ...it's gonna be okay!
Joey Tribbiani: No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Rachel Green: Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
Joey Tribbiani: Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Rachel Green: Thanks!
Ross Geller: Yes, very nice Rachel.
Rachel Green: Thank you judges.
Phoebe Buffay: Ugh, what a kiss ass.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, Phoebe...
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! Your honor?
Joey Tribbiani: We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Ross Geller: When Monica was a little girl, I remember that--Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
Rachel Green: Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
Ross Geller: It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Rachel Green: Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
Ross Geller: Go!
Rachel Green: Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! That's nice.
Rachel Green: Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow. Good speech.
Ross Geller: Yeah, it really was!
Rachel Green: Aw, thanks!
Ross Geller: Okay Phoebe, I guess you're next although I really don't see the point.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: And she's back in the game.
