unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi Pheebs.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
Phoebe Buffay: That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah!
Rachel Green: Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Rachel Green: Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh.
Rachel Green: And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Phoebe Buffay: This stuff is great!
Rachel Green: Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's made of honor.
Rachel Green: You do? Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Because I think it means more to you.
Rachel Green: But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
Phoebe Buffay: Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
Rachel Green: No, I was ten. I just developed early.
Phoebe Buffay: Man alive!
Monica Geller: Hey, what's going on?
Rachel Green: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Monica Geller: Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Rachel Green: Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
