unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! What's going on?
Rachel Green: Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?
Rachel Green: You have been maid of honor before?!!
Phoebe Buffay: See? This is exactly why you shouldn't lie!
Rachel Green: All right that's it! I am maid of honor!
Phoebe Buffay: Na-uh, I am!
Rachel Green: How come you are?!
Phoebe Buffay: Because I cared enough to lie!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you talking about?
Joey Tribbiani: Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, it's better than us deciding.
Rachel Green: Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can't we just flip a coin?!
Phoebe Buffay: No! Coins hate me!
Rachel Green: Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey there, you handsome thing.
Ross Geller: Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi.
Ross Geller: Just uh, brought back your videos.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.
Ross Geller: No! No we don't!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!!
Ross Geller: I... I don't know what you are talking about.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
Ross Geller: I've had better.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay! When?!
Ross Geller: All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-huh!
Ross Geller: I've said it! Okay?! But it's over Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: I want to do it again.
Ross Geller: We can't do it again.
Joey Tribbiani: Why not?
Ross Geller: Because it's weird!
Joey Tribbiani: Fine! Do you want something to drink?
Ross Geller: Sure, what do you got?
Joey Tribbiani: Warm milk and Excedrin P.M.
