unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I guess they're not coming. You wanna just order?
Joey Tribbiani: Thank you. Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails.
Waiter: Er-does not.
Phoebe Buffay: Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
Waiter: Oh, they're both exclus...
Phoebe Buffay: Both it is, thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring everything as soon as it's ready? Appetizers, entrees, we don't care.
Rachel Green: Hey, hi, hi!
Waiter: I'll just wait to put your order in.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
Ross Geller: I'm so sorry ...
Rachel Green: We got locked out of the apartment, we ...
Joey Tribbiani: That's a great story-can I eat it?
Ross Geller: And then Rachel wasn't sure she could leave the baby.
Rachel Green: N-it wasn't easy, but it's your birthday and I did what I got to do.
Phoebe Buffay: And that's Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Rachel Green: Oh honey, this is for the best, thus I'm not distracted, worrying about Emma, how she's doing at home and I'm being completely here with you and, oh, she spit up!
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: She spit up. Judy! She spi...Judy! Look alive, Judy! Thank you.
Ross Geller: Thanks. Oh.
Rachel Green: Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave? What should I have?
Joey Tribbiani: Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
Ross Geller: Y'know this ??? is incredible.
Joey Tribbiani: Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
Ross Geller: Okay, I'll have the fixed salad and the duck.
Rachel Green: Yah, I'll have the soup and the salmon.
Joey Tribbiani: And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry, because ...
Monica Geller: Happy birthday!
Joey Tribbiani: Son of a bitch!
Phoebe Buffay: Wher-where have you been?
Monica Geller: Well, we had a little fight.
Chandler Bing: I would never lie to get someone into bed.
Monica Geller: You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isn't it? How d'you get a bigger table? You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo, I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
Chandler Bing: I suppose that Monica will have the ... manipulative shrew.
Waiter: I'll give you another minute.
Joey Tribbiani: Why are you going? He said, she wanted the shrew!
Ross Geller: Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Rachel Green: Y'guys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the beauty salon?
Chandler Bing: You mean the lully story?
Ross Geller: Huh-huh, they already know it.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys, we've been waiting for you for a long time, maybe you should order.
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, it's okay, I already told the waiter what they want.
Monica Geller: Why would you do that?
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, control your woman!
Rachel Green: Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would like to start the celebration and make a toast ... to Phoebe. She dropped her sock.
Phoebe Buffay: Aw ... what?
Rachel Green: N-no, Emma dropped her sock.
Monica Geller: Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
Rachel Green: Ross, she still has not noticed that the baby's sock is on the ground.
Phoebe Buffay: 's a good toast.
Rachel Green: Could you please get her attention?
Ross Geller: W-oa ... Mommy!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt the hideousness that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call. Well, it's too late now.
Ross Geller: Well, ??? think that's us?
Phoebe Buffay: well, this is, this is, this is not over! Hello?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, what is going on with you two?
Monica Geller: Uch, you see, I'm ovulating.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Monica Geller: Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just can't get enough.
Chandler Bing: You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her.
Joey Tribbiani: So? Did have sex, right?
Chandler Bing: What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, that was Mike.
Rachel Green: Phoebe, hi, we're so sorry. You're totally right. We are here one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday celebration.
Phoebe Buffay: Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, I'm gonna take off.
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t-not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! Judy! Bye.
Rachel Green: Oh thank god, if Phoebe's going, can we please take Emma home?
Ross Geller: You know, I think that's a good idea-our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet. Bye, y'guys.
Monica Geller: Bye.
Joey Tribbiani: See ya. Well, this is just us.
Chandler Bing: Mhum.
Monica Geller: So, I'm, I'm probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it another try?
Chandler Bing: So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
Joey Tribbiani: Do, do you gonna do it now?
Monica Geller: We don't have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct ...
Joey Tribbiani: No-ohoh.
Maitre D': I sincerely hope the rest of your party is returning.
Joey Tribbiani: Nah, just me. All alone. Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
