unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
Phoebe Buffay: Look everyone, it's the spirit of Thanksgiving!
Rachel Green: So are things with you and Joey any better?
Chandler Bing: They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Rachel Green: Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
Ross Geller: Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Rachel Green: You shouldn't.
Phoebe Buffay: Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
Ross Geller: Who gets whom. I don't know why I do that.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Well, I'm gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
Monica Geller: We haven't eaten yet!
Rachel Green: I know, but all that work you're doing to get it ready, I just...
Chandler Bing: Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
Phoebe Buffay: I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Chandler Bing: Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Phoebe Buffay: Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Chandler Bing: Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh.
Monica Geller: Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Chandler Bing: Op, y'know what though, it's kind've a girlie briefcase.
Monica Geller: Who cares? He works in a museum!
Chandler Bing: Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Phoebe Buffay: You don't have to do that, Ross and Joey aren't here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Chandler Bing: Thanks.
Monica Geller: What is wrong with this freezer?! Ow! Ow!!
Phoebe Buffay: God, what happened?!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Rachel Green: People are trying to sleep in here!
Chandler Bing: Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Phoebe Buffay: Open it up, let me see.
Monica Geller: Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Chandler Bing: Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, God it looks bad.
Rachel Green: Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Monica Geller: No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
Chandler Bing: He's really picky about his patients.
Phoebe Buffay: Honey, you've got to go. What's his office number?
Monica Geller: Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Monica Geller: Yes!!
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! She's very excited about that.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: This is so cool, 'til Monica gets back, it's like I'm head chef and I get to make all the decisions.
Ross Geller: Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, get out of my kitchen!
Chandler Bing: All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Phoebe Buffay: All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Ross Geller: So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Chandler Bing: Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Ross Geller: Really?! Wow! That's-that's so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Chandler Bing: I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Ross Geller: Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Ross Geller: Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Chandler Bing: Like?
Ross Geller: Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Chandler Bing: When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Ross Geller: Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh...
Chandler Bing: Big dog?
