unknown: nan
Ross Geller: He's coming here for Thanksgiving!
Rachel Green: I know, it's sick.
Monica Geller: Why is it sick?
Rachel Green: Because it's Richard's son! It's like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Monica Geller: Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don't you?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I can see where I'd be your best shot but, no. I'm sorry, but I think it's twisted.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: What's twisted?
Monica Geller: Me going out with Richard's son.
Joey Tribbiani: Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Chandler Bing: Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
Rachel Green: Is he okay in there?
Joey Tribbiani: He's fine!
Ross Geller: Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Monica Geller: Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
Rachel Green: So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler?
Chandler Bing: The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
Ross Geller: Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Rachel Green: Why?
Ross Geller: I just wanna check something.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Now, we'll see.
Chandler Bing: Air hole! Air hole!!
Rachel Green: Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.
Ross Geller: The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
Rachel Green: Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
Ross Geller: Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
Rachel Green: Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Ross Geller: What did you get?
Rachel Green: Credit.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
Timothy Burke: Hi.
Monica Geller: Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Timothy Burke: Hi, nice to meet you.
Monica Geller: And Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Timothy Burke: Hi, Joey.
Monica Geller: My brother, Ross.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Monica Geller: And Rachel. And that's Chandler.
Chandler Bing: How do ya do.
Timothy Burke: What's...
Monica Geller: Umm, well, he's...
Joey Tribbiani: He's doin' some thinkin'!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What happened? What happened?!
Joey Tribbiani: You kissed my girlfriend!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ooh, I like those sunglasses.
Ross Geller: Like 'em, like 'em? Or, I'd like to get store credit for that amount like 'em?
Rachel Green: nan
Monica Geller: All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Timothy Burke: Where can I wash up?
Monica Geller: Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Timothy Burke: Thank you.
Rachel Green: Fancy soap? I thought we were savin' that for the Pope!
Monica Geller: See he's nice. Right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
Timothy Burke: Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?
Monica Geller: I saved you a seat.
Rachel Green: Sick-sick-sick-sick.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'll get it.
Chandler Bing: Gotcha!
Joey Tribbiani: That doesn't sound like thinking to me!
Chandler Bing: Sorry!
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Chandler Bing: Okay, okay, you got it!
Rachel Green: Ross, can you pass me the yams?
Ross Geller: Sure! Oh, and Joey's got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
Rachel Green: Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Monica Geller: Oh-ho-ho, we've got company.
Ross Geller: There's nothing the matter with me. See, I'm not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
Rachel Green: Okay, fine.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
Chandler Bing: You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Chandler Bing: Absolutely!
Joey Tribbiani: That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Ross Geller: I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ooh, this always happens.
Timothy Burke: Here, let me help.
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Timothy Burke: You-you have a very beautiful... eye.
Monica Geller: Y'know all my friends think this is weird.
Timothy Burke: Y'know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn't.
Monica Geller: I know! I mean it's like me and your dad, that's a totally separate thing.
Timothy Burke: Oh, I totally agree.
Monica Geller: We're just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?
unknown: nan
Timothy Burke: What?
Monica Geller: Nothing. Nothing.
Timothy Burke: No-no really, was-was that not okay?
Monica Geller: No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss...
Timothy Burke: Oh my God! It didn't remind you of...
Monica Geller: Don't say it!
Timothy Burke: No, but it did! Didn't it?!
Monica Geller: Yeah!
Timothy Burke: Oh man!!
Monica Geller: I know!
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I'll get it.
Kathy: Oh.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Kathy: Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am...
Joey Tribbiani: That's okay. Chandler's the one I'm mad at.
Kathy: Well, I'm still sorry. Is he here?
Joey Tribbiani: In the box.
Kathy: Chandler?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he-he can't talk right now.
Kathy: Why not? What's going on?
Phoebe Buffay: He's just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Kathy: By being in a box?
Rachel Green: Joey, had reasons.
Phoebe Buffay: They were threefold.
Kathy: Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Open the box!!
Rachel Green: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! Get out of there!
Chandler Bing: So?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, we're gonna be fine! Get out!
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you did some real good thinkin' in there.
Chandler Bing: Man, this is...
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Now go! 'Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you're secret Santa!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: All right, who got Chandler? 'Cause I uh, need to trade.
