unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oohh, I love it!
Ross Geller: Really? You're not gonna return it?
Rachel Green: Well, not this second!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey look, you guys, it's snowing!
Rachel Green: Oh wow, it's so beautiful...
Ross Geller: Wow, it really is!
Monica Geller: "Wendy" is a fat girl name.
Phoebe Buffay: Aren't we done with that?
Monica Geller: Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having sex on a copying machine?
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: Oh my god...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-heeyyy - Look at that, it's a Christmas miracle!
Monica Geller: What are you doing here?
Chandler Bing: I wanted to be with you. I missed you so much.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, uh, who did you miss the most?
Chandler Bing: Monica.
Joey Tribbiani: Got ya.
Chandler Bing: I never want to leave you again!
Monica Geller: But I thought if you left, you get fired.
Chandler Bing: Turns out they can't fire me. Because I quit.
Monica Geller: What?
Ross Geller: What, you, you really quit your job?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
Rachel Green: What do you really want to do?
Chandler Bing: I have *not* thought this through!
Monica Geller: Oh my god!
Chandler Bing: I know, I, I should have talked to you first about it.
Monica Geller: No, I think that this is what you wanna do, I think it's great!
Chandler Bing: Thanks!
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined.
Chandler Bing: Ahh...
Phoebe Buffay: Now give me my real gift.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you.
Chandler Bing: Here, pass these, will ya..
Ross Geller: Oh, hey...
Ross Geller: "A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet." -- How did you know?
Rachel Green: Wha... are you kidding? I can't return this.
Chandler Bing: I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
Joey Tribbiani: Mine's is to Lilian Myers.
Chandler Bing: I don't have a *job*! *Closing Credits*
