unknown: nan
Gary: Would you like some more coffee, baby-doll?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm fine, thanks.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
Monica Geller: No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hiya doin' pumpkin?
Phoebe Buffay: Nope.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
Gary: I know, really well. In fact, I'm gonna ask Phoebe to move in with me.
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Gary: What do you, what do you think?
Monica Geller: I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Gary: Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
Monica Geller: I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
Gary: I'll see you after work sweetie.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Bye!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So, what movie should we see?
Monica Geller: Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
Phoebe Buffay: What?! Really?!
Monica Geller: He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Phoebe Buffay: I can't believe this!
Chandler Bing: Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Monica Geller: Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
Chandler Bing: Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go!
Phoebe Buffay: No, but it is fast. Isn't it?
Monica Geller: Ohhhh!
Phoebe Buffay: No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
Chandler Bing: So, what are you gonna do?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. I'll just handle it-I'll ask you to talk to him!
Chandler Bing: Me?! Why me?
Phoebe Buffay: Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Chandler Bing: I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Monica Geller: That is so sweet!
Chandler Bing: Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem.
