unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey guys!
Joey Tribbiani: Hi!
Monica Geller: Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. It was right here, where is it?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know.
Monica Geller: All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Ross Geller: How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Monica Geller: Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I don't know.... Yeah, can't do it.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What?!
Ross Geller: Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, we haven't dropped it in...
Ross Geller: 2 hours, 27 minutes.
Monica Geller: Really?!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey Rach!
Rachel Green: Hey.
Ross Geller: Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
Rachel Green: Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.
Monica Geller: Rach?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Monica Geller: You have scratches all over you, what happened?
Rachel Green: Well, it's my cat.
Monica Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, I got a cat.
Monica Geller: I don't want a cat!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Ross Geller: Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Monica Geller: What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Rachel Green: Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
