unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Chandler Bing: Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Joey Tribbiani: That's right baby.
Chandler Bing: All right, let me in.
Monica Geller: No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: He's a dropper!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah, that's right!
Chandler Bing: I'm not a dropper!
Ross Geller: It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
Chandler Bing: It's throwing and catching!
Ross Geller: All right.
Chandler Bing: Oh! Oh! That's so hard.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Monica Geller: Oh my-Oh good God!
Rachel Green: I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Ross Geller: Baking it didn't help, huh?
Monica Geller: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Rachel Green: I tried! They won't take her back.
Chandler Bing: Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Monica Geller: Rach, why won't they take it back?
Rachel Green: Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Monica Geller: Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Rachel Green: No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Gary: Hey!
#ALL#: Hey!
Gary: We have great news!
Phoebe Buffay: We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
#ALL#: Congratulations! Congrats!
Phoebe Buffay: I know, I'm so excited!
Gary: So am I!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Gary: Okay, I'll see you at the station later.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
Gary: All right.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Phoebe Buffay: I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Monica Geller: Why, do you write him a lot?
Phoebe Buffay: No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
#ALL#: Yeah! That's right. Yeah-yeah! Yeah!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.
