unknown: nan
Gary: Hey, honey! Okay, so did you find any apartments? Anything in Brooklyn Heights?
Phoebe Buffay: No, nothing.
Gary: Oh really?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Gary: Nothing at all?
Phoebe Buffay: No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Gary: Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh!
unknown: nan
Gary: Take a seat. You okay? You feeling all right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Gary: So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
Gary: In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, yeah! Today's.
Gary: 'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
Phoebe Buffay: Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Gary: Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
Gary: Phoebe...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah?
Gary: Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
Phoebe Buffay: That's so sweet.
Gary: Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Phoebe Buffay: Living with you would make me happy.
Gary: Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
Phoebe Buffay: No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Gary: Are you sure?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!
Gary: Oh that's great!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, one sec. One sec. Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, which was never!
