unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?
Ross Geller: Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
Ross Geller: Also an island.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what time is it?
Ross Geller: 2:17.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Ross Geller: Are you serious?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Ross Geller: Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
Rachel Green: Hey, you guys...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Is Monica here?
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Rachel Green: All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Ross Geller: You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Rachel Green: Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!
Rachel Green: Okay! Check it out!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: What-what is it?!
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell is that?!!
Rachel Green: It's a, it's a cat!
Joey Tribbiani: That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Rachel Green: Yes it is!
Ross Geller: Why is it inside out?!
Rachel Green: Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
Ross Geller: How much did you pay for that?
Rachel Green: Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Ross Geller: Yeah? How much?
Rachel Green: A thousand bucks.
Ross Geller: ON A CAT??!!!!
Joey Tribbiani: It's not a cat!
Rachel Green: All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
Ross Geller: Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Joey Tribbiani: It's not a cat!
Rachel Green: Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Uhh, the ball thing.
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Ross Geller: Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-oh.
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
Ross Geller: I know! Don't switch hands, okay?
