unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Ross Geller: Let me hold him for a sec. There. Huh? There we are.
Monica Geller: Maye it's me.
Ross Geller: Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.
Chandler Bing: You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
Ross Geller: There we go. All better.
Monica Geller: There's my little boy.
Chandler Bing: Can I uh see something?
Joey Tribbiani: Cool.
Monica Geller: He hates me. My nephew hates me.
Ross Geller: Come on, don't do this.
Monica Geller: What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Chandler Bing: Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Joey Tribbiani: Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Monica Geller: That is so funny. Let me see that.
Joey Tribbiani: Are you ok, Ross?
Ross Geller: I don't know. What's in this pie?
Monica Geller: Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--
Ross Geller: Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key lime pie.
Monica Geller: No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.
Ross Geller: And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.
Monica Geller: No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.
Ross Geller: Ugh.
Monica Geller: Oh my god.
Ross Geller: Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
Monica Geller: Is your tongue swelling up?
Ross Geller: Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
Monica Geller: All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.
Joey Tribbiani: Is he gonna be ok?
Monica Geller: Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
Ross Geller: You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Monica Geller: Jacket now.
Ross Geller: What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
Chandler Bing: We'll watch him.
Ross Geller: I don't think tho.
Joey Tribbiani: What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
Chandler Bing: I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
Ross Geller: Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
Joey Tribbiani: Hat, milk, got it.
Ross Geller: ??? Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!
Joey Tribbiani: Consider it done.
Chandler Bing: You understood that?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.
Chandler Bing: Is he the one with the beautiful wife?
