unknown: nan
Ross Geller: I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
Monica Geller: That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
Ross Geller: Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
Monica Geller: Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Ross Geller: Oh.
Monica Geller: Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Ross Geller: Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Monica Geller: No. But I remember people telling me about it.
Ross Geller: I hope Ben has a little sister.
Monica Geller: Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.
Ross Geller: I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
Monica Geller: That was you?
Ross Geller: They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.
Monica Geller: Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
Chandler Bing: Hey, he's not crying.
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! There's still pie.
Ross Geller: I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
Ross Geller: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
Chandler Bing: You, you are gonna love this.
Ross Geller: Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.
Chandler Bing: Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!
Stephanie Schiffer: Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
Phoebe Buffay: No, no, no. I'm sorry. It's "smelly cat, smel-ly cat".
Stephanie Schiffer: Smelly cat, smel-ly cat...
Phoebe Buffay: Better. Yeah.
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: You wanna try it again?
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah. From the top?
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
Stephanie Schiffer: Ok.
Phoebe Buffay: Mmmm hmmm.
Together: Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.
Phoebe Buffay: That's too much. Sorry.
