unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Rachel Green: Honey, I'm sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
Rachel Green: Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
Rachel Green: Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Terry: I, I don't know.
Rachel Green: Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.
Terry: You don't clean the cappuccino machine?
Rachel Green: Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
Terry: Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.
Rachel Green: Done.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?
Rachel Green: Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.
Rachel Green: Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Rachel Green: Well, but Pheebs.
Phoebe Buffay: No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Ross Geller: Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Doctor: Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Monica Geller: Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
Ross Geller: Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
Monica Geller: My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.
Doctor: No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.
Ross Geller: Tho?
Ross Geller: Ohhh.
Monica Geller: That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Ross Geller: Ok.
Monica Geller: Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Chandler Bing: That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, look at that talent.
Chandler Bing: Just practicing. You're good. Carry on.
Girl 1 On Bus: Hey, you. He's just adorable.
Chandler Bing: Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink.
Girl 2 On Bus: So what are you guys out doing today?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
Chandler Bing: You done?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Girl 1: Oh, there's our stop.
Joey Tribbiani: Get outta here. This is our stop too.
Girl 2: You guys live around here too?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.
Chandler Bing: You know it?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
Girl 1: So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?
Chandler Bing: Oh, sure, they love us over there.
Girl 2: Where's your baby?
Chandler Bing: Ben! Ben! Ben!
Chandler Bing: Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.
Both: Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Monica Geller: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
Doctor: No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
Ross Geller: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
Phoebe Buffay: ... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah. I'm Stephanie.
Phoebe Buffay: Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
Stephanie Schiffer: All of them.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, so you know D?
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, do you know A minor?
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor?
Stephanie Schiffer: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap?
Stephanie Schiffer: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Chandler Bing: Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Rachel Green: Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
Phoebe Buffay: Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!
Rachel Green: Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.
Stephanie Schiffer: Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
Phoebe Buffay: You're all invited to bite me!
Chandler Bing: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Transit Authority Guy: He's here. I'm assuming one of you is the father.
Chandler Bing: That's me.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm him.
Chandler Bing: Actually, uh, we're both the father.
Both: Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy!
Chandler Bing: Please tell me you know which one is our baby.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
Chandler Bing: Ok.
Joey Tribbiani: Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off.
Joey Tribbiani: Ahh!
Chandler Bing: What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.
Chandler Bing: Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?
Joey Tribbiani: You got a better idea?
Chandler Bing: All right, call it in the air.
Joey Tribbiani: Heads.
Chandler Bing: Heads it is.
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! Whew!
Chandler Bing: We have to assign heads to something.
Joey Tribbiani: Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.
Chandler Bing: What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?
