unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Ross Geller: Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Joey Tribbiani: How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
Ross Geller: How's Monica coming along with her vows?
Phoebe Buffay: Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
Ross Geller: I can't believe in four weeks they're gonna be married!
Phoebe Buffay: Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Ross Geller: Phoebe that's not true.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you're right. How's the Mrs.?
Rachel Green: I can't believe they've been together for three years.
Joey Tribbiani: Has it been that long?!
Ross Geller: Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I've had a very long, hard day.
Joey Tribbiani: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Chandler Bing: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Monica Geller: Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Chandler Bing: Hey Joe!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I don't know why they didn't just tell us.
Joey Tribbiani: I know! I mean it's not like we weren't cool about it.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: You?! And-and you?!
Monica Geller: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Joey Tribbiani: How?! When?!
Chandler Bing: It happened in London.
Joey Tribbiani: IN LONDON!!!
Chandler Bing: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Joey Tribbiani: But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
Monica Geller: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: All right! Man, this is unbelievable!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Chandler Bing: Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Monica Geller: Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Rachel Green: Arghh!!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Rachel Green: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Rachel Green: OH MY GOD!!!
Phoebe Buffay: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Rachel Green: Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Phoebe Buffay: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Rachel Green: I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
Phoebe Buffay: YOU KNOW?!!!
Rachel Green: Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Ross Geller: What's going on?
Phoebe Buffay: Ohhh!!!
Rachel Green: HI!! Hi!
Ross Geller: What?! What?!
Rachel Green: Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Ross Geller: Actually, it looks really good.
Phoebe Buffay: Get in here!!!
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Phoebe Buffay: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Monica Geller: Bye!
#ALL#: Bye!
Phoebe Buffay: Bye Chandler! I miss you already.
Chandler Bing: Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Monica Geller: Actually, I did!
Chandler Bing: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Monica Geller: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Phoebe knows about us!
Joey Tribbiani: Well I didn't tell them!
Monica Geller: Them?! Who's them?
Joey Tribbiani: Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Monica Geller: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Monica Geller: Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Chandler Bing: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Rachel Green: Are you kidding?!
Phoebe Buffay: No!
Rachel Green: I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know?
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Rachel Green: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: They know you know.
Rachel Green: Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Phoebe Buffay: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
Joey Tribbiani: I couldn't even if I wanted too.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Monica Geller: She's bluffing!
Chandler Bing: Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
Rachel Green: Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh!
Rachel Green: Okay!
Joey Tribbiani: I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
Phoebe Buffay: Joey! Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Joey Tribbiani: It's not my first time.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Chandler Bing: Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here?
Monica Geller: Of course.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh, you're-you're going?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Chandler Bing: It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Phoebe Buffay: You should be. I'm very bendy. I'm gonna kiss you now.
Chandler Bing: Not if I kiss you first.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh.
Chandler Bing: Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Phoebe Buffay: Here it comes. Our first kiss.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Phoebe Buffay: And why not?!
Chandler Bing: Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Phoebe Buffay: You're-you're what?!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!! I love you, Monica.
Monica Geller: I love you too Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Joey Tribbiani: So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Monica Geller: Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Chandler Bing: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: No! No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
