unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
Rachel Green: You really think it would be that different?
Phoebe Buffay: How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Rachel Green: Well, things change.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
Ross Geller: It'll be okay Joe.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry, I just...I like things the way they are.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Ross Geller: That little naked guy would be me.
Rachel Green: Aww, look at the little thing.
Ross Geller: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Chandler Bing: Who are those people?
Ross Geller: Got me.
Monica Geller: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Rachel Green: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Monica Geller: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Ross Geller: Looks like a fun gang.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Ross Geller: Nono, that would be me again.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, you guys!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Chandler Bing: What's going on?
Rachel Green: Well, we were just talkin' about you guys gettin' married and how great it is.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you can get a Volvo. If that's what you really want.
Monica Geller: Oh that's so sweet.
Chandler Bing: So we both finished our vows.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Oh, can we read them?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I don't hear Chandler's and he doesn't hear mine.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, that's beautiful.
Joey Tribbiani: Funny one! That's good!
Rachel Green: Monica, will-will you marry me?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What? I don't get it.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Oh man, this is hilarious.
Monica Geller: Chandler!!
Chandler Bing: Don't worry honey, we'll make yours funnier.
