unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I call Monica's room!
Chandler Bing: You can't just call Monica's room.
Joey Tribbiani: Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I'm sight of the room and I called it.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Man, I feel like I'm coming down with something.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Monica Geller: Yeah. I bet you can't guess what color my tonsils are? I'll bet the apartment!
Chandler Bing: Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It's too nice.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
Monica Geller: How do you feel?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, but I bet it works.
Monica Geller: Really?! How much?!
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I'm gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Phoebe Buffay: Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! I can't believe you guys are actually think you're moving in here!
Chandler Bing: Well believe it baby!
Rachel Green: Well I-I-I'm not moving.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Rachel Green: No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Joey Tribbiani: You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Monica Geller: Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Rachel Green: Noooo.
Monica Geller: All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
Rachel Green: What?!
Monica Geller: Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Chandler Bing: I knew it!
Rachel Green: I don't care, I'm not going anywhere.
Chandler Bing: Cool, girl roommate.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Well?
Phoebe Buffay: Nope, not knocked up yet.
Monica Geller: It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Rachel Green: No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Monica Geller: I'll take care of it.
Rachel Green: That's right! You do what the hand says!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: How did it go?
Monica Geller: I lost our mattresses.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: "Are you in there little fetus? In nine will you come great us? I will buy you some Adidas."
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Alice Knight: Hi!
Alice Knight: Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh. Oh.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Umm, it's a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
Monica Geller: Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Alice Knight: So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Alice Knight: Okay.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Great.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Rachel Green: That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Monica Geller: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Rachel Green: Well it stupid, unfair question!
Ross Geller: Don't blame the questions!
Chandler Bing: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Rachel Green: Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Joey Tribbiani: But it is our apartment!
Rachel Green: No it's not!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: You guys! You guys! You're gonna have a baby! They're gonna have a baby!
Frank Buffay Jr.: MY SISTER'S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, but this can't be good for the baby.
#ALL#: Oh!
