unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Rachel Green: Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Rachel Green: Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Phoebe Buffay: All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
Ross Geller: Now, how will they know if you're ready?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, they're just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay everyone, think thick.
#ALL#: Good-bye! Good luck!
Phoebe Buffay: Hi! Wish me luck!
Monica Geller: Oh, good luck.
Joey Tribbiani: Good luck. And I'm still right!
Monica Geller: That is sooo not true!
Rachel Green: What?
Joey Tribbiani: She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
Chandler Bing: I can check that for ya.
Monica Geller: I just-I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Chandler Bing: Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, what's that about?
Chandler Bing: And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Ross Geller: You're good. These are not.
Rachel Green: I'm so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Ross Geller: Five.
Chandler Bing: Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Rachel Green: How many guesses do you get?
Joey Tribbiani: Six.
Ross Geller: Challenge extended.
Monica Geller: Deal!
Ross Geller: Challenge excepted.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, we'll start with...apples.
Ross Geller: We'll be starting with apples.
Chandler Bing: Stop that now!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yes!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
Chandler Bing: Diet soda.
Ross Geller: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Chandler Bing: Orange juice.
Rachel Green: No! There's no orange juice in there! We win!!
Monica Geller: Ha-ha!
Ross Geller: They have another guess.
Rachel Green: Okay, well, we won that one.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, the last thing...
Chandler Bing: Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh!
Joey Tribbiani: No-no, not for like another two weeks.
Chandler Bing: I got it! Scotch... tape.
Ross Geller: How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Chandler Bing: Well, we used there's up last night making scary faces.
Monica Geller: Aww, man!
Chandler Bing: All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Monica Geller: That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Rachel Green: Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Monica Geller: Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Joey Tribbiani: Serious?
Monica Geller: Are you scared?
Joey Tribbiani: No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Monica Geller: Ross will do it.
Ross Geller: Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Rachel Green: Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
Ross Geller: No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
