unknown: nan
Ross Geller: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart. I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley or C3PO?
Charlie Wheeler: Sorry, looks like it's just him.
Benjamin Hobart: Charlie! My God, you look absolutely stunning!
Ross Geller: Well, I... I am having a good hair day.
Benjamin Hobart: So good to see you.
Charlie Wheeler: Me too.
Ross Geller: I'm ok.
Charlie Wheeler: I'm sorry... Ross Geller... Benjamin Hobart.
Ross Geller: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize, whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of the reasons I got into the field.
Benjamin Hobart: Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!
Charlie Wheeler: Shall we? .
Benjamin Hobart: Thank you! . I can't believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night?
Charlie Wheeler: Oh my God, I completely forgot! Oh my God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! .
Benjamin Hobart: You weren't there!
Ross Geller: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image, you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... tzz-zzz, mmm.
Charlie Wheeler: Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal, while I go to the ladies room?
Benjamin Hobart: So, tell me about it.
Ross Geller: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert.
Benjamin Hobart: M-m.
Ross Geller: See, there are still several areas that haven't been fully excavated.
Benjamin Hobart: Break up with Charlie!
Ross Geller: What?
Benjamin Hobart: What?
Ross Geller: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"?
Benjamin Hobart: Well, yes, and now. Yes I did say it, and no, I didn't not say it.
Ross Geller: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think?
Benjamin Hobart: I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her.
Ross Geller: Are you serious?
Benjamin Hobart: If you say yes then I'm serious, if you say no then I'm joking!
Ross Geller: No!
Benjamin Hobart: Joking it is!
