unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey babe.
Monica Geller: Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don't like us do they?
Chandler Bing: Who says you can't get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
Monica Geller: No, it doesn't say where it came from. Where would we return it?
Chandler Bing: How about to the street say from the balcony?
Monica Geller: Why don't we just find a place for it?
Chandler Bing: Okay. How about in that cabinet?
Monica Geller: No! That's where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
Chandler Bing: How about the closet by the bathroom?
Monica Geller: Oh, okay. Here, why don't you let me do it?
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. It's locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Monica Geller: No reason. I-I keep private things in there.
Chandler Bing: Oh y'know, I've been living here a while and I've never seen what's inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Monica Geller: Feminine stuff.
Chandler Bing: Don't try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
Monica Geller: Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you'll let it go.
Chandler Bing: Fine.
Monica Geller: Thank you!
Chandler Bing: Love you.
Phoebe Buffay: Hello Chandler, lovely day huh? You!
Chandler Bing: Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. If! I said, "If it helps!"
Phoebe Buffay: Why won't you let me massage you?
Monica Geller: Well it's...I mean I'd just-I'd be self-conscious. You're my friend; I'd be naked.
Phoebe Buffay: Monica! We lived together for years! I've seen you naked!
Monica Geller: That's different, we were roommates! And when?!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm curious about the human body.
Monica Geller: Hey, come on Phoebe, you can understand why this would be weird for me.
Phoebe Buffay: But I'm a professional! And I'm really good! Look, if you're uncomfortable we can stop. Just give me a chance, okay. Please?
Monica Geller: Okay, if it means that much to you...
Phoebe Buffay: It does! How would you feel if you couldn't share your cooking? Or-or imagine how Ross would feel if he couldn't teach us about dragons.
Monica Geller: Dinosaurs.
Phoebe Buffay: Potato, potaato.
