unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! So?
Dr. Long: She's fine. She's experiencing Braxton-Hicks contractions, mild discomfort caused by contractions in the uterine wall.
Rachel Green: Hmm, mild discomfort. So I take it you've had one of these Braxton thingies?
Joey Tribbiani: So but everything is normal.
Dr. Long: Absolutely.
Joey Tribbiani: And-and there's no danger to her and the baby?
Dr. Long: No-no. Contractions can be unnerving if you don't know what they are, but she's fine.
Rachel Green: Thank you doctor. Oh thank you for being so nice and calm.
Joey Tribbiani: Calm?! I wasn't calm! I've never been more scared in all my life!
Rachel Green: But wait you said everything was gonna be okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Well what do I know?! I'm not a doctor!
Rachel Green: But I-But everything is okay. I'm fine!
Joey Tribbiani: You sure?!
Rachel Green: Yes! Yes! I got half a mind to contract that doctor's uterus though. Mild discomfort, what's he talking about?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey-hey!
Ross Geller: Is everything okay?
Rachel Green: Yeah, everything's fine!
Ross Geller: Your page said come to the hospital, what? What was it? What happened?
Joey Tribbiani: Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
Ross Geller: Oh. Oh. Thank God, most women don't even feel them.
Rachel Green: Okay, no uterus, no opinion.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey uh, what's with the candy?
Ross Geller: Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
Rachel Green: Oh you went to the movies by yourself?
Ross Geller: No I-Mona!
Rachel Green: Oh, I gotta go back in there.
Ross Geller: What? Why? What's wrong?
Rachel Green: No, everything's fine. I just gotta go back...
Ross Geller: No really, you tell me what's up.
Rachel Green: I-I forgot my underwear.
Ross Geller: So, thanks so much for bringing her to the hospital.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey, don't worry about it man. Don't worry about it, no big deal.
Ross Geller: Yeah but still, I mean it should've been me. I'm the dad.
Dr. Long: Uh, if you have any questions, here's some information on Braxton-Hicks. Oh and by the way, you did the right thing by bringing her in. You're gonna make a wonderful father.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh uh, hey. Not as good as this guy! He brought Twizlers!
