unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey Ross! Check it out! I learned a new trick!
Ross Geller: Hey uh, I brought you some lunch.
Rachel Green: Ohh! That's so sweet of you! Oh yum! Did you put pickles on this?
Ross Geller: Well yeah!
Rachel Green: Oh Ross!!
Ross Geller: What?! What?! Rach what?!
Joey Tribbiani: What's going on?
Ross Geller: I made her favorite, tuna salad with pickles.
Joey Tribbiani: Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
Ross Geller: I-I'm sorry Rach, I didn't know. Are you gonna be okay?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I'll be fine. But could someone please make sure that sandwich is gone when I get out there?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm on it!
Ross Geller: I can't believe this! I shouldn't be the one making her throw up!
Joey Tribbiani: Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
Ross Geller: Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don't know any of it and I'm the father. I wish I'd be more involved y'know.
Rachel Green: Well, if anyone is keeping score, I no longer eat tuna.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey uh, can I, can I talk to you guys for a second?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: What's up?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
Rachel Green: Are you breaking up with us?
Joey Tribbiani: The thing is...'cause I live with Rachel I'm here for a lot of the stuff, okay? And Ross...Ross is missing everything. So...
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe you two should live together.
Rachel Green: Are you asking me to move out? Do you not want me here?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no-no, no-no I love living with you. It just seems that...if you're gonna have a roommate, y'know it might as well be the father.
Rachel Green: But Joey, I don't think Ross wants me to move into his apartment and disrupt his life like that. I mean--Or he does.
Ross Geller: No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
Rachel Green: But Ross, its you and me!
Ross Geller: So? Sure! But it-it wouldn't be anything romantic. And I'm-I'm dating Mona-Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
Joey Tribbiani: All right now, so? What do you think?
Rachel Green: I don't know. Is it crazy?
Ross Geller: No! No it's not. Joey, this is a smart idea.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I was due.
Rachel Green: Okay, let's do it. I'll move in.
Ross Geller: Really?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Oh Rach that's great. That's great.
