unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?
Phoebe Buffay: Oo! Is it for my birthday present?
Chandler Bing: Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Chandler Bing: Well, I have a call in about that.
Phoebe Buffay: 'Kay.
Chandler Bing: Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
Rachel Green: Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Chandler Bing: Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Rachel Green: Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Chandler Bing: Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Rachel Green: Oh, honey, that's so sweet.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
Chandler Bing: It doesn't say that. Does it?
Ross Geller: How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Chandler Bing: Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
Phoebe Buffay: It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Monica Geller: Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! What happened?
Monica Geller: Sixty guests.
Ross Geller: So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Monica Geller: Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Monica Geller: I don't know.
Phoebe Buffay: There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Monica Geller: Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Monica Geller: Well, you're not working either.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, but I'm doing this.
Monica Geller: Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
#ALL#: Hey.
Kathy: Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?
Joey Tribbiani: Why?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: You can pee here!
Kathy: Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
Chandler Bing: It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Joey Tribbiani: We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
#ALL#: Yeah!
Rachel Green: Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I know...
Rachel Green: And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love."
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?
Rachel Green: No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Phoebe Buffay: Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey, how'd it go?
Monica Geller: Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Phoebe Buffay: Mon! I'm so happy for you!
Monica Geller: Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Phoebe Buffay: I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Monica Geller: Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Monica Geller: Okay.
