unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Rachel Green: How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Rachel Green: Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
Chandler Bing: Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Rachel Green: I just purchased the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000.
Chandler Bing: That's awesome! That's great! What made you do it?!
Rachel Green: Well, it's a long story, but umm I broke Joey's chair...
Chandler Bing: Whoa-whoa-whoa! You broke Joey's chair?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: I thought I broke Joey's chair! That's why I replaced it with mine!
Rachel Green: Ohhhhh. That's how it got fixed!
Chandler Bing: Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Rachel Green: Noo! Angels.
Chandler Bing: I'm gettin' my chair back!
Rachel Green: What? Wh-hey!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
Chandler Bing: Joey you broke my chair!!
Joey Tribbiani: Your chair?!
Rachel Green: Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
Joey Tribbiani: So, there was no miracle?!
Rachel Green: No Joe, no miracle.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Rachel Green: Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
Chandler Bing: I think I should get the chair!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: How do you figure?
Chandler Bing: Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
Rachel Green: No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
Chandler Bing: Well, where's the logic in that?!
Rachel Green: The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
Chandler Bing: So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's right!
Chandler Bing: What are you guys? Like a gang or something?!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! We are!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: We're the Cobras!
