unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Kick save and... denied.
Richard Burke: But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
Joey Tribbiani: Man you are incredible.
Richard Burke: Well, we had a table in college.
Chandler Bing: Oh really, I didn't know they had foosball in the 1800's.
Richard Burke: Nice moustache by the way. When puberty hits that thing's really gonna kick in.
Monica Geller: Honey. Uh, not to sound too Florence Henderson but, dinner's on the table.
Richard Burke: Ok, just one more point.
Monica Geller: Score! Now can we go?
Chandler Bing: See, that's why we don't let her play.
Richard Burke: Is everything all right?
Monica Geller: Um-hmm.
Richard Burke: Uh-oh.
Chandler Bing: Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.
Richard Burke: Well.
Joey Tribbiani: No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Richard Burke: Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah.
Chandler Bing: No.
Joey Tribbiani: Nooooo.
Chandler Bing: Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Richard Burke: Uh-huh, yeah.
Chandler Bing: No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Richard Burke: That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
Monica Geller: Nighty-nite.
Chandler Bing: You're not a dad. You're not a dad.
Joey Tribbiani: Not a dad.
Chandler Bing: I can't believe you got us into trouble.
Monica Geller: So are you ok?
Richard Burke: Yeah, just, I feel like I'm about a hundred. I thought I was just one of the guys.
Monica Geller: Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
Richard Burke: What're you talkin' about, I was killin' 'em.
Monica Geller: Yeah, well they suck too.
