unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Richard Burke: Hey Phoebs, what's happening?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
Monica Geller: So you watched the movies huh?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
Richard Burke: Charlotte who?
Phoebe Buffay: With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Monica Geller: Alright, you wanna feel better?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Ok, here, watch this.
Phoebe Buffay: It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.
Monica Geller: So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
Phoebe Buffay: Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
Richard Burke: Uh, the guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kinda see it coming?
Phoebe Buffay: Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity.
Chandler Bing: Hey, big guy, game time.
Richard Burke: Hey, be right there.
Monica Geller: There's a game?
Chandler Bing: Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Richard Burke: It's the basketball playoffs.
Monica Geller: Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Richard Burke: Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
Monica Geller: Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Richard Burke: Uh, it's the college playoffs.
Monica Geller: Oh, then go Vassar.
Richard Burke: Uh, they're not in it.
Monica Geller: Ok, then just go.
Richard Burke: Ok.
Monica Geller: Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure.
Monica Geller: It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Phoebe Buffay: Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
Rachel Green: Aghh.
Phoebe Buffay: Me too.
Monica Geller: I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Rachel Green: Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Monica Geller: Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
Ross Geller: Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Rachel Green: I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ross Geller: Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Rachel Green: Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Ross Geller: C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
Rachel Green: Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
Ross Geller: No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Rachel Green: What was the book?
Ross Geller: The big book of childrens' names.
Rachel Green: Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Ross Geller: Ok fine.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Ross Geller: We're not done.
Rachel Green: I didn't know that.
Ross Geller: Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
Rachel Green: Fine, I will.
Ross Geller: Good, 'cause I love you.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Well I love you too.
Ross Geller: Well that's the first time we've said that.
Rachel Green: Yes it is.
Ross Geller: Well, I'm gonna kiss you.
Rachel Green: Well you better.
