unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Joey Tribbiani: Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Monica Geller: Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.
Chandler Bing: Well, how do you find clothes that fit?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, hey, Monica, we've got a question.
Monica Geller: Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
Joey Tribbiani: No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Monica Geller: Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Richard Burke: Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Chandler Bing: Ok, that's Eric.
Richard Burke: Glad to be of help. Matches.
Monica Geller: I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know.
Monica Geller: C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
Chandler Bing: I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
Monica Geller: So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Joey Tribbiani: How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
Chandler Bing: Ok, this could be tough.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok ok ok ok. Monica, we'll bring him, but only if he takes the Jaguar.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, you almost had it.
