unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: So uh, Emily called last night...
Chandler Bing: And now you're giving me the message!
Ross Geller: Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
Phoebe Buffay: God, Susan is so fun!
Ross Geller: Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
Chandler Bing: You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Ross Geller: Hey, they're going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y'know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn't you see Personal Best?
Joey Tribbiani: No, but I'm gonna!
Chandler Bing: Hi! Hi! You're crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Ross Geller: How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I definitely. I don't like the name Ross.
Ross Geller: What a weird way to kick me when I'm down.
Phoebe Buffay: No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
Ross Geller: Oh. What's wrong with Ross?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know...
Ross Geller: Actually that-that's not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... Y'know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend's a lesbian.
Phoebe Buffay: So, I decided I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Raymond Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: Someone you didn't make up!
Chandler Bing: Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, that guy really hurt us.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Chandler Bing: Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Chandler Bing: Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry man, I didn't-I'm-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: So I guess it's Joey then!
