unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
Chandler Bing: Who?
Ross Geller: He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skloff.
Chandler Bing: Did I go to this school?
Ross Geller: Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.
Chandler Bing: Sure, nice.
Ross Geller: Dude. You're married to my sister.
Chandler Bing: You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.
Ross Geller: Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?
Chandler Bing: Are you asking permission to break the pact?
Ross Geller: Yes please.
Ross Geller: Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Chandler Bing: Awesome, the name really stands out.
Ross Geller: Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!
Chandler Bing: Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!
Missy Goldberg: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, Missy...
Chandler Bing: You know, our band is playing on Friday.
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
Missy Goldberg: No way!
Chandler Bing: Way!
Missy Goldberg: Right. I'll be there.
Chandler Bing: Fresh!
Ross Geller: Boss!
Chandler Bing: Mint!
Ross Geller: She's gone.
Chandler Bing: I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.
Ross Geller: Dude, I was gonna ask her out.
Chandler Bing: I said it first, bro.
Ross Geller: Well, I thought it first, Holmes.
Chandler Bing: Look, if you did...
Ross Geller: Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get laid anytime we want.
Chandler Bing: Totally. I had sex in High school...
Ross Geller: Me too. I'm good at it.
Chandler Bing: All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
Ross Geller: You got it.
Chandler Bing: All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Ross Geller: Those are the pacts!
Chandler Bing: Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.
Ross Geller: Oh, oh... maybe not you!
Chandler Bing: Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact.
Ross Geller: Thank you. All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college?
Chandler Bing: Your hands are shaking.
Ross Geller: I know, and I can't stop sweating.
