unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey, Mon.
Monica Geller: Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.
Chandler Bing: Do I ever.
Monica Geller: Chris says they're closing down the bar.
Chandler Bing: No way!
Monica Geller: Yeah, apparently they're turning it into some kinda coffee place.
Chandler Bing: Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
Monica Geller: Got me.
Chandler Bing: Can I get a beer.
Monica Geller: Hey, did you pick a roommate?
Chandler Bing: You betcha!
Monica Geller: Is it the Italian guy?
Chandler Bing: Um-mm, yeah right!
Monica Geller: He's so cute.
Chandler Bing: Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Monica Geller: Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Chandler Bing: Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
Rachel Green: Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Waitress: I am so sorry.
Rachel Green: That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
Friend No. 1: Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
Rachel Green: Ummm, I think it's time to see the ring again.
Friend No. 2: Oh, isn't it exciting, I mean it's like having a boyfriend for life.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I know.
Friend No. 1: What?
Rachel Green: Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Friend No. 1: Rachel stop!
Friend No. 2: You're so bad!
Rachel Green: I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
Rachel Green: Yeah, so?
Chandler Bing: And now I've picked it up again.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, I went to high school with her. Rachel! Hi!
Rachel Green: Monica! Look! Hi! What do ya think?
Monica Geller: Oh my God, you can't even see where the Titanic hit it.
Rachel Green: Yes, his name is Barry, he's a doctor, thank you very much.
Monica Geller: Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
Rachel Green: Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
Monica Geller: Aww, not right now.
Rachel Green: Oh, but that's okay.
Monica Geller: I know.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So, I'll get-get back to my friend.
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
Monica Geller: Oh, that'd be great.
Rachel Green: Okay!
Monica Geller: Thanks.
Rachel Green: Bye!
Monica Geller: Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
