unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, that is so unfortunate.
Ross Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
Monica Geller: Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
Phoebe Buffay: You didn't leave lipstick marks on the phone.
Monica Geller: Oh, then it must've been you. Bye.
Phoebe Buffay: Bye-bye! That's why I moved out.
Ross Geller: Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
Phoebe Buffay: I think on some levels she already knows.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Phoebe Buffay: Why, nobody good?
Chandler Bing: Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Ross Geller: So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Chandler Bing: Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Monica Geller: Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
Ross Geller: Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
Monica Geller: What?
Ross Geller: I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...
Chandler Bing: Umm, how's it going with you guys?
Ross Geller: Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, really?
Ross Geller: Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
