unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Well, uh...
Steve: Look, I think I know the answer to this question, but... Would you like to make love to me?
Rachel Green: Really, really not.
Steve: Eh, it's just as well. Doesn't work anyway.
Rachel Green: All right, well that's good to know. Good night, Steve.
Ross Geller: Hey, what's wrong?
Rachel Green: I just had a rough night.
Ross Geller: Oh. Crab cake?
Rachel Green: Eww!
Ross Geller: Well, what happened?
Rachel Green: Oh, well, I...It's kind of weird talking to you about this, but...
Ross Geller: Monica told me you had a blind date.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: I did, too.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: But is it technically a date if the other person doesn't show up?
Rachel Green: Oh, oh no. Do you think she walked in, saw you and left?
Ross Geller: Why does everyone keep saying that?
Rachel Green: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown up.
Ross Geller: That bad?
Rachel Green: Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be appropriate to give me this.
Ross Geller: Female body inspector? What size is that?
Phoebe Buffay: Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-huh.
Phoebe Buffay: How - how do I get them to name the next one after me?
Joey Tribbiani: It's easy, you just walk in on them having sex.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, so they owe me like, three Phoebes.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god! Look, it's Ross and Rachel. Oh, the plan is working.
Phoebe Buffay: Don't, don't do the plan-laugh.
Ross Geller: The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters.
Rachel Green: Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was awful on the same night that Joey set you up on a date that didn't even show.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's just stupid.
Joey Tribbiani: We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!
Joey Tribbiani: Where?
Phoebe Buffay: Mexico! End credits.
