unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
Phoebe Buffay: What you got?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
Phoebe Buffay: Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god, Rachel asked me if I knew anyone for her too.
Joey Tribbiani: Why are they doing this?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.
Joey Tribbiani: You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?
Phoebe Buffay: I just wish they'd realise they should be together.
Joey Tribbiani: I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know, that's where things were headed.
Phoebe Buffay: I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
Phoebe Buffay: You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
Phoebe Buffay: So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them up with people?
Joey Tribbiani: I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, that's a great plan!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you know what the best part of it is? I get to do my "plan-laugh."
Joey Tribbiani: Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...
