unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey! Babe! Aren't you excited we're going on our honeymoon?
Monica Geller: Yeah I am!
Chandler Bing: Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama...
Monica Geller: That's right. Get it out of your system while we're alone.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! Have a great honeymoon!
Chandler Bing: I'd better go pack.
Monica Geller: Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn't find though was your Speedo.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: A Speedo? Uh, I don't have a Speedo. I'm gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit.
Rachel Green: Oh good you're still here!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: I want to tell you to have a good honeymoon!
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Rachel Green: And I also wanted you guys to know that I am telling the father today. What? What? What?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: We know its Ross!
Rachel Green: How?! How do you know?
Phoebe Buffay: It was his sweater, but-Oh my God!
Rachel Green: Oh, I so wanted Ross to know first, but I'm so relieved you guys know.
Monica Geller: This is so great! And I'm gonna be your baby's aunt!
Rachel Green: I know!
Phoebe Buffay: Me too!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna be an uncle! Come here!
Rachel Green: You're all gonna be aunts and uncles.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but I'm the only one related by blood.
Rachel Green: Okay. Great! So now that you guys all know you can help me. Give me some advice on how I'm gonna tell Ross!
Monica Geller: Well, what were you gonna say?
Rachel Green: Well I was gonna tell him that I'm-I'm gonna have the baby and he can be as involved as he wants.
Joey Tribbiani: Well that, that sounds good.
Rachel Green: Yeah but how do I start? I mean, what's-what's the first thing that I say? Okay great! Thanks.
Monica Geller: Hey! Good luck!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, bye.
Joey Tribbiani: Bye.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey, what was that all about?
Monica Geller: Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
Chandler Bing: What?! I didn't even know that-Why didn't you tell me?! Why am I talking like this?!
Monica Geller: I didn't think you could keep it a secret.
Chandler Bing: What?! I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
Joey Tribbiani: What secrets?
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: You'll tell me later?
Chandler Bing: You already know.
