unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
Phoebe Buffay: All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't have a key, they took mine to give to you.
Phoebe Buffay: What?! They took mine to give to you!
Joey Tribbiani: Why would they take away our keys?
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe they don't trust us.
Joey Tribbiani: No that's not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
Phoebe Buffay: You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica's guest towels?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I washed those!
Phoebe Buffay: No you didn't.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah that didn't sound like me.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I have stuff in there too.
Phoebe Buffay: What stuff?
Joey Tribbiani: Monica's chicken parm! I'll take care of it. Hey Mr. Treeger, it's Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler's apartment. It's an emergency. Uhh, gas leak! Yeah oh, and bring garlic bread.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Did Rachel find you?
Ross Geller: No why?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh she was looking for you.
Ross Geller: Oh well, I guess I'll catch up with her later.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, it seemed pretty important.
Ross Geller: Oh no.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Ross Geller: I think I might know what this is about.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Ross Geller: Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren't gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
Phoebe Buffay: And?
Ross Geller: Wow! I thought you would be a little more shocked.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh sorry. And?!
Ross Geller: Well, we-we said we'd just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I don't think that's what it is.
Ross Geller: Why? What-what else could it be?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh wow, I don't feel well.
Ross Geller: I'm telling you. I'm telling you. That's what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn't say anything to you?
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe it's something you ate?
Joey Tribbiani: Please, just-just, just go and talk to Rachel.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I guess I should. Man, y'know what I have to realize? Maybe I'm just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y'know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that.
