unknown: nan
Nurse: Okay Rachel, are you comfortable?
Rachel Green: If I said I was, would you judge me?
Nurse: The doctor will be here in a minute to do your sonogram.
Rachel Green: Okay. Oh man, I swear if they sold these at Pottery Barn...
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Ross Geller: Uh we-we need to talk.
Rachel Green: Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I've kinda got an el fresco situation going on over here.
Ross Geller: Please, please I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier today.
Rachel Green: Okay Ross that's fine, but can you please stand near my head?
Ross Geller: What? Oh yeah. I'm sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I really-I should have been thinking about you Rach...
Rachel Green: Okay. Head Ross! Head Ross! Head Ross!
Ross Geller: Right! Right! I just-I want you to know that I'm going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor's appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment-Although we could probably worry about that 'til after we get married.
Rachel Green: What married?
Ross Geller: Well yeah, I think we should get married.
Rachel Green: What, because that's your answer to everything?
Ross Geller: No, because that's the right thing to do.
Rachel Green: Yeah, maybe if you're in love. But Ross, we are not in love, are we?
Ross Geller: No but...but still you can't possibly do this alone.
Rachel Green: Excuse me?
Ross Geller: Come on Rach, you can't even eat alone in a restaurant.
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: I'm just saying if you can't eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?
Rachel Green: I can too eat by myself!
Ross Geller: When have you ever?
Rachel Green: When certain people leave the table and I am not finished!
Ross Geller: Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!
Rachel Green: Oh please, you inhale your food!
Ross Geller: I grew up with Monica! If you didn't eat fast you didn't eat!!
Dr. Long: Am I interrupting?
Rachel Green: Oh no Dr. Long, please come in. This is Ross, he is the father.
Ross Geller: But not the husband, because evidently she can do this alone.
Dr. Long: Huh. Nice to meet you. I'll get started on this.
Ross Geller: I don't know why you can't admit that you need me.
Rachel Green: I do need you! I need you to stand near my head!
Dr. Long: Okay, everything looks good. Here it is on the screen. Here is your uterus. And right here is your baby.
Ross Geller: Oh my God.
Rachel Green: Wow. There it is, I see it.
Dr. Long: Congratulations. I'll give you two a minute.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Thank you.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Pretty amazing huh?
Rachel Green: I don't see it!
Ross Geller: What? What?!
Rachel Green: I can't see it!
Ross Geller: You-you just said that you did!
Rachel Green: I know, I lied! I didn't want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can't even see my own baby!
Ross Geller: Oh sure, come here! Sure you can! Uh, look come here look, it's-it's-it's, it's right there .
Rachel Green: Oh. Oh, it's beautiful. I see it now.
Ross Geller: Do you really?
Rachel Green: No, I don't see it!
Ross Geller: Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Sweetie that's it.
Rachel Green: That's it? Well I saw that! Ohh-ohh-oh, thank you.
Ross Geller: You're welcome.
Rachel Green: Wow! I can't believe that's our baby.
Ross Geller: Yeah, that's our baby.
