unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?
Ross Geller: No! Do you wanna hear it?
Joey Tribbiani: Am I in it?
Ross Geller: Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hello.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa!
Ross Geller: Wow, hello! You look great!
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you! I know, though.
Ross Geller: You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.
Chandler Bing: All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Chandler Bing: You're in my seat.
Joey Tribbiani: How is this your seat?
Chandler Bing: 'Cause I was sitting there.
Joey Tribbiani: But then you left.
Chandler Bing: Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
Joey Tribbiani: What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.
Chandler Bing: The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
Ross Geller: You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Chandler Bing: All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Monica Geller: Hi.
#ALL#: Hey.
Monica Geller: Ooh, Phoebe, you look great!
Phoebe Buffay: All right all ready.
Monica Geller: Ooh, are you gonna do magic?
Ross Geller: That's, that's funny. Change!
Monica Geller: Hang on a second I just got in.
Ross Geller: Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
Phoebe Buffay: We could not, would not want to wait.
Ross Geller: Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Monica Geller: Has somebody been drinking my fat?
Rachel Green: You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know, you might be the first one.
Monica Geller: Rach, did you check the machine?
Rachel Green: Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.
Chandler Bing: Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called Get Up.
Joey Tribbiani: All right! You can have the chair.
Chandler Bing: Really!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my, would you look at that!
Phoebe Buffay: "Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" Is that too spooky?
Ross Geller: "Hi Rach, are you there? It's me, pick up. Rachel. Rach!"
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: Nevermind.
Richard Burke: "Monica, it's Richard. Call me."
Monica Geller: Is-is-is that message old or new? Old or new?! Old or new?!
Ross Geller: It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
Monica Geller: What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Chandler Bing: Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
Ross Geller: Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Monica Geller: Huh?
Ross Geller: I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Chandler Bing: You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
Phoebe Buffay: Ah! Oh my God! You r-r-rotten boys!
Chandler Bing: Sorry Phoebe.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm so sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: What am I gonna do?
Ross Geller: No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
Phoebe Buffay: Monica, Monica, you know what gets out hummus.
Monica Geller: If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'll try that.
Chandler Bing: Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
Monica Geller: So, should I call him back?
The Guys: Noo! NO!
Chandler Bing: All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too comfortable.
Chandler Bing: All right!
Ross Geller: Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Chandler Bing: All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Rachel Green: Is this a little too... Pheebs, what happened?
Phoebe Buffay: Hummus. I got the hummus.
Rachel Green: Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Phoebe Buffay: That won't go with this dress though.
Rachel Green: No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
Ross Geller: No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.
Rachel Green: Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?
Monica Geller: I called him.
#ALL#: Nooo.
Monica Geller: Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Monica Geller: Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Joey Tribbiani: Monica, how are you gonna do that?
Monica Geller: I know the code to his answering machine.
Ross Geller: Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... Okay, you're dialing, you are dialing.
unknown: nan
Richard Burke: "Hi, this is Richard. Please, leave a message at the tone."
Machine: "You have two new messages."
Joey Tribbiani: Wow, what a cool job. 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Monica Geller: "Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy.
Woman's Voice: Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Now she sounded breezy.
