unknown: nan
Monica Geller: He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.
Phoebe Buffay: Monica, you don't know that.
Monica Geller: Well, who's voice was that?
Chandler Bing: Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.
Monica Geller: Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
Ross Geller: Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
Monica Geller: It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
Rachel Green: Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Ross Geller: You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Rachel Green: Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Ross Geller: Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Chandler Bing: All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Chandler Bing: What are you doing?
Joey Tribbiani: You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the cushions.
Chandler Bing: The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Joey Tribbiani: That's right! I'm taking the essence.
Chandler Bing: Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Ross Geller: Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
Rachel Green: Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Ross Geller: Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Rachel Green: Yeah, which, by the way Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh Rach, good, listen isn't this perfect for me!
Rachel Green: Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, of course not for tonight. Yeah, hi!
Ross Geller: Not for tonight. Not for tonight! Wh-what, what, what, are you doing?
Rachel Green: No honey, we're sorry, we didn't mean it. I love you. I love you.
Chandler Bing: We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Ross Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: The sheep.
Ross Geller: Hey, what you do on your own time...
Joey Tribbiani: Where's my underwear?!
Ross Geller: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, what. You took his underwear?
Chandler Bing: He took my essence!
Ross Geller: Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Joey Tribbiani: Because, I'm not wearing any underwear now.
Ross Geller: Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Joey Tribbiani: It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Chandler Bing: Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.
Chandler Bing: What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, opposite, is opposite!
Chandler Bing: He's got nothing!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I'm ready.
Chandler Bing: Oh, aaaah!
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
Chandler Bing: What are you supporting?
Phoebe Buffay: Duh!! Christmas!
Ross Geller: Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Rachel Green: Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Ross Geller: Just, just, just pick one!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Rachel Green: Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Ross Geller: Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Rachel Green: But I...
Ross Geller: No, no, no just do it. Go in there and pick something out so we can go.
Rachel Green: All right.
Ross Geller: Thank you!
Monica Geller: Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
Ross Geller: It was, it was her voice.
Chandler Bing: Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
Michelle Burke: Hola! Hello. Hello?
Monica Geller: Okay. That was her right?
Phoebe Buffay: Definitely.
Monica Geller: See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Ross Geller: Yay!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Monica Geller: Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Chandler Bing: You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Monica Geller: Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Ross Geller: No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
Monica Geller: Okay, fine.
Chandler Bing: They got a phone in there, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, we're on it. We're on it.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.
Rachel Green: I'm not gonna gooo.
Ross Geller: You're not going to go.
Rachel Green: No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
Ross Geller: How, how, um how can you not be going?
Rachel Green: I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Ross Geller: Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Rachel Green: Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
Ross Geller: Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
Rachel Green: It's fine.
Ross Geller: No, but, your-your mad.
Rachel Green: I'm not mad.
Ross Geller: No.
Rachel Green: I'm just not going.
Ross Geller: Your not going.
Rachel Green: Right.
Ross Geller: Okay. You know that I-I have to go.
Rachel Green: Um, hum.
Ross Geller: Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'
Rachel Green: No.
Ross Geller: No, because your not upset.
Rachel Green: Right.
Ross Geller: About the yelling.
Rachel Green: Right, and the humiliating.
Ross Geller: Oh, well of course, the humiliating. So, so wee, we're okay.
Rachel Green: Um, hum.
Ross Geller: We're good.
Rachel Green: Right.
Ross Geller: Okay. Honey?
Rachel Green: Yes, Ross.
Ross Geller: I love you.
Phoebe Buffay: Get away from that! No! She's just getting dressed.
Chandler Bing: Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Chandler Bing: Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Joey Tribbiani: Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Chandler Bing: Oooo-ooh!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Ross Geller: Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Chandler Bing: Jeez, what a baby.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, Ross, way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
Ross Geller: You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Joey Tribbiani: You could drink the fat.
Ross Geller: Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.
Rachel Green: No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I think you should drink the fat.
Joey Tribbiani: Yaaaay!
Ross Geller: Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
Ross Geller: I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
Rachel Green: No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!
Ross Geller: You will?!
Rachel Green: You were really gonna do that, weren't you?
Ross Geller: Well, yeah.
Rachel Green: You were gonna drink the fat.
Joey Tribbiani: Let's see what else he'll do!
Ross Geller: How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Stop it. Stop it!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
Richard Burke: Hi, this is Richard.
Machine: You have three new messages.
Monica Geller: Not any more!
Machine: Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
Monica Geller: Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Machine: Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Monica Geller: Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
Monica Geller: "Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!
Phoebe Buffay: How did you do that?
Monica Geller: I don't know!
Machine: Good-bye.
Monica Geller: Noooo!!!!
Ross Geller: Okay, okay, okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Monica Geller: Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, after this, I think he'll be doing that himself.
Ross Geller: Rachel!! Wow! You, uh, you look, wow!
Rachel Green: And I still have about five seconds to spare. Okay, that was about seven seconds.
Ross Geller: So we're a little late.
Rachel Green: Come on. Oh! And, uh, by the way....
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I'm going commando, too.
Ross Geller: Awwww!!!
