Chandler Bing: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Ross Geller: Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch.
Monica Geller: Hey. Where's Joey?
Chandler Bing: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Rachel Green: I think he's across the hall.
Monica Geller: Thanks.
Ross Geller: There y'go.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Ross Geller: Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Ross Geller: Hey, I might!
Phoebe Buffay: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
#ALL#: You're kidding. Oh my God.
Phoebe Buffay: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Joey Tribbiani: What's going on?
Monica Geller: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Joey Tribbiani: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
Rachel Green: Uh, Joey..
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, God!
Monica Geller: Okay..
#ALL#: Oh! That was Lambchop!
Monica Geller: Please, guys, we have to talk.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Monica Geller: Alright, we have to talk.
Phoebe Buffay: There it is!
Monica Geller: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Is there somebody else?
Monica Geller: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
Rachel Green: We didn't change..
Joey Tribbiani: So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Phoebe Buffay: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
Monica Geller: Look, I- I could go on pretending-
Joey Tribbiani: Okay!
Monica Geller: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Ross Geller: Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
Monica Geller: I'm sorry..
Chandler Bing: Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Rachel Green: I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Monica Geller: I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
#ALL#: Oh, yeah! Right!
Monica Geller: Are you guys gonna be okay?
Ross Geller: Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
Monica Geller: I understand.
