unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Phoebe Buffay: Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Phoebe Buffay: Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Male Jeweler: Can I help you?
Chandler Bing: Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Phoebe Buffay: Or not, whatever.
Male Jeweler: This ring is from the 1920s, it's a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
Chandler Bing: Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Male Jeweler: Okay. Will you marry me?
Chandler Bing: Oh my God that's it, that's the ring! How much is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler, I-I will handle this! How much is it?
Male Jeweler: 8,600.
Phoebe Buffay: We will give you $10.
Male Jeweler: Are you interested in this ring?!
Chandler Bing: Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
Male Jeweler: Okay, I can let it go at eight.
Phoebe Buffay: We stand firm at $10.
Male Jeweler: How would you like to pay?
Chandler Bing: Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
Male Jeweler: Uh yes, I have these two rather beautiful $5 bills.
Phoebe Buffay: I'll give you $1 for them.
