unknown: nan
Paul Stevens: Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?
Rachel Green: Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
Paul Stevens: It was fine.
Rachel Green: Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
Paul Stevens: I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Rachel Green: Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Paul Stevens: Are you talking about having sex?
Rachel Green: No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Paul Stevens: Normal.
Rachel Green: Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Paul Stevens: Nope! That never happened to me!
Rachel Green: Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Paul Stevens: Nope.
Rachel Green: All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Paul Stevens: Okay.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Paul Stevens: Okay.
Rachel Green: All right.
Paul Stevens: When I was six years old.
Rachel Green: Hm-mmm.
Paul Stevens: I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
Rachel Green: That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
Paul Stevens: It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Rachel Green: Oh!
unknown: nan
Paul Stevens: And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Paul Stevens: Oh, I couldn't eat now.
Rachel Green: What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
Paul Stevens: Chicken? Chicken boy!
Rachel Green: My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
unknown: nan
