unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: There he is!
Monica Geller: There's our star!
Joey Tribbiani: So, so, what'd ya think?
Chandler Bing: Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Joey Tribbiani: I-I wasn't in that.
Chandler Bing: I know.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
Monica Geller: Hi!
The Director: Excuse me. Excuse me. Sweetheart! Come!
Chandler Bing: So that's the girl you like.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Ross Geller: I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
Chandler Bing: Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate's understudy, Lauren.
Rachel Green: Oh, hi!
Lauren: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
Lauren: Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
unknown: nan
Cailin: So. How'd you guys meet?
Peter Becker: Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Monica Geller: Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
unknown: nan
Estelle Leonard: Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Estelle Leonard: How do you do. Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! Did they have representation?
Joey Tribbiani: No, they-they weren't in the play.
Rachel Green: We're not actors.
Estelle Leonard: Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face and her chest I could really put something together.
Chandler Bing: Could I borrow it?
unknown: nan
Cailin: Hi! Remember me?
Ross Geller: Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Cailin: Ross, I'm gonna go.
Ross Geller: Go? Why?
Cailin: I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross Geller: But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Cailin: Good bye Ross.
Ross Geller: Uh, oh-ho bye.
The Director: Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Joey Tribbiani: Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
The Director: Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Anyone mind if I save this?
