unknown: nan
Judy Geller: So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
Jack Geller: Hi Rachel.
Rachel Green: Oh hi!
Jack Geller: Wow, love your new nose!
Judy Geller: Jack.
Jack Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see?
Judy Geller: I'll get it.
Rachel Green: No, God! Please, let me!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey. Happy Thanksgiving!
Jack Geller: God, your hair sure is different!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
Ross Geller: So uh, where's Monica?
Judy Geller: She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress?
Chandler Bing: You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Ross Geller: Dude!
Chandler Bing: Sorry!
Judy Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Ross Geller: Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Monica Geller: So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
unknown: nan
Jack Geller: Dude!
Chandler Bing: Sorry.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Monica Geller: Well it didn't!
Rachel Green: What?!
Monica Geller: Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Rachel Green: Okay, that we may be able to do.
Monica Geller: How?
Rachel Green: Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Monica Geller: What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Rachel Green: Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Monica Geller: And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Rachel Green: Then, you will definitely get him back!
Monica Geller: Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Rachel Green: Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Monica Geller: What do you mean?
Rachel Green: Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Monica Geller: I can do that!
Rachel Green: Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Chandler Bing: Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Monica Geller: Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Chandler Bing: Are you all right?
Monica Geller: Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that-
