unknown: nan
Judy Geller: Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Monica Geller: I'll get it! Happy Thanksgiving!
Rachel Green: Not for me. Chip and I broke up!
Monica Geller: Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Rachel Green: Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Monica Geller: Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Rachel Green: Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Jack Geller: Hi Rachel!
Rachel Green: Happy Thanksgiving!
Judy Geller: You too sweethart!
Ross Geller: Hey!
unknown: nan
Jack Geller: Oh my!
Ross Geller: Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
Monica Geller: Ross!
Ross Geller: Oh, this is Monica.
Monica Geller: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Judy Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
Ross Geller: Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
Judy Geller: Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then.
Monica Geller: Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
Chandler Bing: Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: dammit!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Rachel Green: Oh! No, not really.
Ross Geller: Well, that's cool. So did...
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Monica Geller: I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Rachel Green: Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Ross Geller: Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Monica Geller: Call them mom and dad you loser!
Ross Geller: Monica!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Monica Geller: Okay!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
Monica Geller: Oh that's so great!
Rachel Green: I know!
Monica Geller: Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Rachel Green: Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Monica Geller: I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
Rachel Green: I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Chandler Bing: Emotional Knapsack?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Ross Geller: Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
Chandler Bing: Dude, don't do that too me!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Ross Geller: Hey!
unknown: nan
Judy Geller: Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
Monica Geller: No. No, thank you!
Jack Geller: Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full!
