unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
Joey's Grandmother: No! I did!
Chandler Bing: Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
Joey's Grandmother: Of course! It's her favorite.
Chandler Bing: So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
Joey's Grandmother: More of Grandma's teramisu.
Chandler Bing: Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
Joey's Grandmother: That dies with me.
Chandler Bing: So will I.
Joey's Sister: Excuse yourself, and go to the bathroom.
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn't mean anything.
Joey's Sister: Just do it.
Chandler Bing: Will you excuse me I have to um.....
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey's Sister: Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
Chandler Bing: Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Joey's Sister: So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
Chandler Bing: Ahhhh, you're not Mary-Angela.
Joey's Sister: No, I'm Mary-Theresa.
Chandler Bing: This is so bad. If-if you're not Mary-Angela, then-then who is?
Mary-Angela: I am!
Chandler Bing: Oh, this is soo bad.
Mary-Angela: Joey!!!
Chandler Bing: No Joey! No Joey! Don't Joey! Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: What's goin' on?
Chandler Bing: You're it! Now run and hide!
Mary-Theresa: It's no big deal. Chandler was just kissin' me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.
Joey Tribbiani: What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
Chandler Bing: I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
Joey's Sister: I say, punch him Joey.
#ALL#: Yeah! Punch him!!
Chandler Bing: Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Chandler Bing: Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Cookie Tribbiani: So what. I say, punch him.
#ALL#: Yeah! Punch him! Punch him!
Joey Tribbiani: No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
Cookie Tribbiani: I'll do it.
Joey Tribbiani: No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
Chandler Bing: Okay, absolutely!
Joey Tribbiani: All right.
Chandler Bing: You've got it.
Joey Tribbiani: Cookie, now you can punch him!
Chandler Bing: What?!
