unknown: nan
Gunther: Hey guys.
Monica Geller: Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, he's very charming.
Monica Geller: I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you're just gonna have to try.
Monica Geller: Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, Chandler is supposed to be passin' 'em around...
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Hello-dillillio!!
Ross Geller: Oh, somebody's feeling better.
Monica Geller: Stick out your tongue.
Chandler Bing: Take off your shirt!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my!!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
Rachel Green: The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
Ross Geller: Wow!
Rachel Green: I know!
Ross Geller: What, so this guy is helping you for no apparent reason?
Rachel Green: Uh-huh!
Ross Geller: And he's, he's a total stranger?
Rachel Green: Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.
Ross Geller: Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
Rachel Green: What!?
Ross Geller: Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Rachel Green: To be nice.
Ross Geller: Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?
Joey Tribbiani: No, only for sex.
Ross Geller: Thank you. So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
Rachel Green: I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
Ross Geller: Uh-huh.
Joey's Sisters: Joey!!! Happy Birthday!!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!! Hey-hey-hey!
Chandler Bing: Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Monica Geller: How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey's sisters.
Chandler Bing: Hi Joey's sisters!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Cookie Tribbiani: Hey. What are we drinkin' over here.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
Cookie Tribbiani: No kiddin,' that's the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow. Okay, I don't know how to talk to you.
unknown: nan
Sister 1: What 'cha doing?
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
Joey's Sisters: Oh!!
Chandler Bing: No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hi.
Ross Geller: Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
Monica Geller: Isn't that great?
Ross Geller: Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
Monica Geller: Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.'
Ross Geller: That's excellent.
