unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I can't believe Mark didn't call. It's Sunday night, and he didn't call.
Ross Geller: Bummer.
Rachel Green: Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
Ross Geller: No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Ross Geller: But, you, you don't want to seem too pushy.
Monica Geller: Honey, it's not pushy, he gave her his home number.
Ross Geller: What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
Rachel Green: Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
Ross Geller: That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
Rachel Green: Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
Ross Geller: That is so made up!
Rachel Green: Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
Monica Geller: Yay!
Ross Geller: There you go.
Rachel Green: He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
Monica Geller: Oh, that is amazing!
Ross Geller: Yeah well, if I know Mark, and I think I do, I'd expect nothing less.
Rachel Green: I got to figure out what I'm going to wear.
Ross Geller: High collar and baggy pants say I'm a pro.
Rachel Green: Yeah! Right! Okay, I'll see you guys later. Woo hoo!
Ross Geller: You go get 'em. What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
Monica Geller: What?
Ross Geller: 'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Monica Geller: Are you crazy?!
Ross Geller: Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
Monica Geller: What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Ross Geller: No.
Monica Geller: I mean don't you trust her?
Ross Geller: Well, yeah!
Monica Geller: Then get over yourself! Grow up!
Ross Geller: You grow up.
