unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So now what have we agreed?
Ben Geller: No more pranks.
Rachel Green: And-and what else?
Ben Geller: That you and daddy were not on a break.
Rachel Green: Very good.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Rachel! What are you doing here?
Rachel Green: I'm just visiting my good friend Carol.
Ross Geller: Your good friend?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Ross Geller: What's her last name?
Rachel Green: Carol...Lesbian?
Ross Geller: Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
Rachel Green: What line?
Ross Geller: Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
Rachel Green: All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
Ross Geller: Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
Carol Willick: Hey Ross!
Ross Geller: Hi.
Carol Willick: What's not funny?
Ross Geller: Practical jokes.
Carol Willick: Oh I...I think they're funny.
Ross Geller: You have a line down your face.
Carol Willick: What?
Rachel Green: Okay, maybe they are not funny to you...
Carol Willick: Oh my God!
Rachel Green: Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Ross Geller: Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
Rachel Green: That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Ross Geller: I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Rachel Green: Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
Ross Geller: No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Rachel Green: Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Ben Geller: Crap!!
Rachel Green: I gotta go!
