unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I feel like my face is swelling. Is my face swelling?
Monica Geller: Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Chandler Bing: Yeah. O-okay.
Joey Tribbiani: "When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Monica Geller: How about receiving?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes!
Chandler Bing: See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Chandler Bing: No, not us... Us!
Monica Geller: I gotcha. Sorry. So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Phoebe Buffay: Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Monica Geller: It doesn't say that!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
Chandler Bing: See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
Monica Geller: There you go!
Joey Tribbiani: "...by doin' it."
Chandler Bing: Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
Chandler Bing: Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!! I call that London style.
Monica Geller: No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross's mom.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.
Monica Geller: And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah baby!
Chandler Bing: And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.
Chandler Bing: But then later that night...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah baby!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
Chandler Bing: Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Monica Geller: Is Joey here?
Chandler Bing: Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Monica Geller: Wouldn't you be?
Chandler Bing: Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Monica Geller: Really?
Chandler Bing: You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Monica Geller: Well, not anymore.
Chandler Bing: But we don't do that.
Monica Geller: I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Chandler Bing: How drunk are you?
Monica Geller: Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Chandler Bing: That's the perfect amount!
Monica Geller: Okay!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Y'know what's weird?
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: This doesn't feel weird!
Chandler Bing: I know.
Monica Geller: You're a really good kisser.
Chandler Bing: Well, I have kissed over four women. Do you wanna get under the covers?
Monica Geller: Hm-hmm!
Chandler Bing: Okay!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Wow! You are really fast!
Chandler Bing: It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Monica Geller: We're gonna see each other naked.
Chandler Bing: Yep!
Monica Geller: Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Chandler Bing: Count of three?
Monica Geller: One!
Chandler Bing: Two!
Monica Geller: Two!
Chandler Bing: Three!
Chandler Bing: Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Monica Geller: Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Chandler Bing: Eh!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, dude I'm so sorry!
Chandler Bing: No! No! No!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
Chandler Bing: They're in my bag over there.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah.
Chandler Bing: Uh, could you leave me one?
Joey Tribbiani: For just you?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
Chandler Bing: No I-I-I'm fine.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Monica Geller: Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Monica Geller: What?!
Chandler Bing: What?
Phoebe Buffay: What?!
Chandler Bing: Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Monica Geller: Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah baby! No baby!
