unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
Monica Geller: Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
Chandler Bing: You mean there's more than one of us.
Ross Geller: Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
Monica Geller: You're gonna what?
Ross Geller: I'm gonna tell Mom.
Rachel Green: Honey, I'm sorry, but he's right. I love you, but you're crazy.
Ross Geller: Crazy.
Monica Geller: What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Ross Geller: Oh, it's not the ideal way...
Monica Geller: Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Joey Tribbiani: Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Monica Geller: Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Monica Geller: Joey, this is you!
Joey Tribbiani: Let me see. Oh, right.
Rachel Green: When did you go to a sperm bank?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Chandler Bing: And that's how you bought it?
Joey Tribbiani: Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Monica Geller: Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Phoebe Buffay: Hellooo!
#ALL#: Hey.
Ross Geller: How's the maniac?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, well he's yummy. We did a little kissin'.
Rachel Green: Phoebe, what are you doing?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Rachel Green: Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Phoebe Buffay: Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
Ross Geller: You're taking the word of a guy who has night vision goggles?
Phoebe Buffay: What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
Chandler Bing: Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you saying I should do?
Monica Geller: I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you, Monica.
Joey Tribbiani: Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Monica Geller: Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
