unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Rachel Green: You're so pretty.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
#ALL#: Hey, Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
Joey Tribbiani: You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Chandler Bing: Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Ross Geller: Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Phoebe Buffay: No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I asked for the news, not the weather.
Monica Geller: Hey guys.
#ALL#: Hey Mon.
Monica Geller: Joey, this is for you. It's blackberry curin.
Joey Tribbiani: Aww. Ohh!
Chandler Bing: Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Joey Tribbiani: Put your hands together.
Monica Geller: Joey, take your time with that. That's my last batch.
Joey Tribbiani: No more jam?!
Rachel Green: Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Monica Geller: I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
Chandler Bing: Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
Ross Geller: What are you talking about?
Monica Geller: I'm talking about me having a baby.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Ross Geller: Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Monica Geller: It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Chandler Bing: That, that's what's stupid.
Monica Geller: I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
Rachel Green: Down at the docks again?
