unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Mon?
Ross Geller: Mon?
Rachel Green: 'Gone for more jars. Back later. Monica Geller.'
Ross Geller: Wait a minute, look.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: Look, look, look.
Rachel Green: What, what, what?
Ross Geller: It's an empty apartment.
Rachel Green: Oooh.
Ross Geller: We're all alone in an empty apartment.
Rachel Green: Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: There it is.
Rachel Green: Oh, oh, that's what you're talking about. Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Do I look fat?
Rachel Green: Noo.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Rachel Green: Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Chandler Bing: Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Ross Geller: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Rachel Green: Nooo!
Ross Geller: And it works both ways.
Chandler Bing: Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Rachel Green: Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
Ross Geller: Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Chandler Bing: That's easy, baggage claim.
Ross Geller: Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Chandler Bing: Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Rachel Green: Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Ross Geller: Oh.
Rachel Green: All right are you guys gonna come down?
Ross Geller: Uh, yeah, yeah I'll, I'm right behind you.
Rachel Green: Good luck Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Thank you Rachel.
Ross Geller: Bye sweetie.
Rachel Green: Bye hon.
Ross Geller: Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
Chandler Bing: Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
Ross Geller: Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. Okay, you're in bed...
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Ross Geller: I'm gonna use the cushion.
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
Chandler Bing: Okay, the old hug and roll.
Ross Geller: Yep.
Chandler Bing: Okay, one question.
Ross Geller: Shoot.
Chandler Bing: You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
