unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, the way you crushed Mike at ping pong was such a turn-on.You wanna...?
Chandler Bing: You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired.
Monica Geller: I'll put a pillowcase over my head.
Chandler Bing: You're on!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: What's up?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the way there's no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you want...
Ross Geller: ... finally...
Phoebe Buffay: Is that Ross?
Monica Geller: Yeah, you can hear everything through these stupid walls.
Phoebe Buffay: Sounds like he's with someone.
Chandler Bing: He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, I think Phoebe's right. You know I hear someone else in there with him.
Charlie Wheeler: Ooh... Dr. Geller!
Ross Geller: God, you're amazing... I didn't even have to ask you to call me that.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, that's Charlie!
Chandler Bing: She's cheating on Joey with Ross!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh that tart... floozy... giant...
Monica Geller: I'm not sure about this.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you're right. This is none of our business.
Monica Geller: No I'm not sure that it's the best way to hear everything. Someone get me a glass!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'm not gonna do this, okay? I'm not gonna eavesdrop on my friend.
Rachel Green: Ooh... I love Barbados!
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh... I can't believe I'm kissing you. I'm kissing Rachel!
Rachel Green: I know, I'm her!
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel and Joey! It's Rachel and Joey!!!
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Get over here!
Rachel Green: ooh...
Chandler Bing: Wow!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, I love how thin these walls are!
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Rachel Green: Hey, you know, before you said that nothing could happen between us? What changed?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
Rachel Green: What? Ross and Charlie? Wow! She's really making her way through the group, huh? Ah, who am I to talk?
Monica Geller: I can't believe this. Rachel and Joey?
Chandler Bing: How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
Monica Geller: I'm on it!
Chandler Bing: Anything?
Monica Geller: I think I hear curtains closing...
Phoebe Buffay: We've got shoes being kicked off over here.
Monica Geller: Bedsprings, unmistakable!
Chandler Bing: You do realise that's your brother?
Monica Geller: Not until you said it. Somebody switch! Wait a minute... Ross and Charlie, Joey and Rachel, Phoebe and Mike! We're the only people leaving with the same person we came with.
Chandler Bing: That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving with Weird Al.
Monica Geller: Okay, I've had it with the hair jokes. Tomorrow morning, before we leave, I'm going to the salon.
Chandler Bing: Okay Buckwheat!
Phoebe Buffay: You gotta hear this, it's great... It's like free porn!
Ross Geller: Weh...*sigh*
Charlie Wheeler: uhm... Is everything okay?
Ross Geller: Yeah, It's just... I don't think I can do this...
Charlie Wheeler: Ooh... Is it because of what might be on the bedspread, because I saw that news report too, with the infra red and the ... I could just...
Ross Geller: No, NO! Look, I need to talk to Joey. I mean, you guys just broke up. Before anything more happens between us, I need to know he's okay with it.
Charlie Wheeler: I uhm... I completely understand.
Ross Geller: Alright, I'm gonna go find them... I just need a... need a before I can... you know. Grandma... grandma... grandma... Okay, I see you later.
Charlie Wheeler: Okay...
Phoebe Buffay: That's the door. He's gone...
Chandler Bing: And she's... turning on the TV... and watching... Miss Congeniality!
Monica Geller: Honey, if you know it through a wall, you know it too well!
Ross Geller: Hey, what are you guys doing?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying goodbye to the hotel. I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort and Spa...
Monica Geller: Yeah, we had a great time, thank you!
Chandler Bing: Bye!
Ross Geller: Okay, uhm... Hey, you guys seen Joey anywhere?
Chandler Bing: He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it...
Ross Geller: Well, if you see him could you please tell him I'm looking for him?
Chandler Bing: You got it!
Ross Geller: Thanks! Thank you!
Monica Geller: Other wall, people! Other wall!
Ross Geller: Rach, you there?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God, it's Ross. What are we gonna do?
Rachel Green: Oh, ju-ju-just stay calm. Just be calm. For all he knows we're just hanging out together. Right? Just be nonchalant. That's not nonchalant!
Joey Tribbiani: No idea what it means.
Rachel Green: Oh... okay, just hide!
Ross Geller: Rach?
Rachel Green: Coming! Try under the bed, try under the bed!
Rachel Green: There's no room under the bed.
Ross Geller: Is everything okay?
Rachel Green: Yeah...
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi...
Ross Geller: You know where Joey is?
Rachel Green: ...I really don't...
Ross Geller: Can I talk to you for a minute?
Rachel Green: Yeah, sure...
Joey Tribbiani: I don't believe this... Have you guys been...
Phoebe Buffay: Shhh... This is the listening side of the wall.
Ross Geller: And then she told me that she and Joey had broken up, and that part of the reason was that she had feelings for me.
Rachel Green: Uh-huh... right... yeah...
Ross Geller: And you know I wanted to ask Charlie out since the day I met her.
Rachel Green: Oh, I know... I know it's been really hard for you.
Ross Geller: Anyway, one thing lead to another, and... oh... before you know it, we were kissing. I mean, how angry do you think Joey is gonna be?
Rachel Green: That is hard to say, Ross. That is hard to say.
Ross Geller: You know, I gotta go find him. He's gotta be here someplace.
Rachel Green: You would think!
Rachel Green: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Is he gone?
Rachel Green: How are you doing this?
Joey Tribbiani: Pssst...
Rachel Green: How... wha... Hey! What are you... What is this? Have you guys been listening this entire time?
Chandler Bing: YE-AH!
Phoebe Buffay: Now, what is this?
Rachel Green: Ah, what is this? Well, lets see, we kissed for ten minutes and now we're talking to our friends about it, so I guess this is sixth grade!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no... Have you thought about it how complicated this could get? What about Ross?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, he's with Charlie now.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but he wants to talk to you before anything really happens with her. And as his friend, I mean, don't you think he deserves the same from you?
Joey Tribbiani: You're a pain in my ass, Geller!
Rachel Green: All right, look you guys... Look, we appreciate all the advice, but this is between Joey and me and I think we can handle it...
Chandler Bing: Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
Rachel Green: Sure...
Chandler Bing: Enunciate!
Rachel Green: Get out!
Rachel Green: Are they right?
Joey Tribbiani: Probably, yeah... I mean, maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
Rachel Green: Yeah... Yeah, we can wait, we don't have to do anything tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I think that'd be best... So, so I'm gonna... I'm gonna take off...
Rachel Green: Although...
Joey Tribbiani: I like although!
Rachel Green: I mean, you know... Ross and I haven't dated in like... six years...
Joey Tribbiani: Six years? Wow... It's almost as long as highschool...
Rachel Green: Plus, you know, he is with Charlie now.
Joey Tribbiani: Absolutely! He's not thinking about you.
Rachel Green: No...
Joey Tribbiani: I'm thinking about you...
Rachel Green: Yeah...
Joey Tribbiani: Let's forget about Ross...
Rachel Green: Forgotten.
Joey Tribbiani: What's wrong?
Rachel Green: Nothing...
Ross Geller: Seriously... What is it?
Rachel Green: Nothing... It's really... It's nothing... Come here, come here...
Ross Geller: What's wrong?
Rachel Green: Sorry, I just uhm... I can't seem to get Ross out of my head...
Joey Tribbiani: Well, maybe I can help.
Rachel Green: Ooh, your lips are so soft... Do that again...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
Both: Yeah.
