unknown: nan
Monica Geller: All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Monica Geller: All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
Rachel Green: Aw.
Monica Geller: A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Chandler Bing: Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? Y'know, something a little snugglyer?
Chandler Bing: Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, the duck...
Rachel Green: What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Chandler Bing: Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Monica Geller: Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
Chandler Bing: Centerpieces!
Monica Geller: Yeah! Roses or Lilies?
Chandler Bing: Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! It's like one mind.
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh!
Joey Tribbiani: Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Rachel Green: Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
Rachel Green: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, I'm gonna go!
Rachel Green: Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
