unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Chandler Bing: I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Rachel Green: Well what happened at dinner?
Monica Geller: My parents spent the money for our wedding!
Phoebe Buffay: My God! What did you order?!
Rachel Green: Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
Chandler Bing: Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Monica Geller: No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Rachel Green: No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Chandler Bing: Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Rachel Green: Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Phoebe Buffay: Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
Monica Geller: How? I don't have any money.
Chandler Bing: Well, I have some.
Monica Geller: How much?
Chandler Bing: Well, close to...
Monica Geller: Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
Rachel Green: Well what?! How-how much is it?!
Monica Geller: It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
Rachel Green: Ohh! Really?!
Monica Geller: How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Rachel Green: Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Chandler Bing: Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Monica Geller: Ah, yeah!
Chandler Bing: Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Hello, Mr. Chandler.
Monica Geller: This is the most special day of our lives.
Chandler Bing: No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Monica Geller: Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Chandler Bing: Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Monica Geller: You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Chandler Bing: Yes, I am!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
