unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Rachel Green: Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Chandler Bing: Who said anything about Christmas?
Monica Geller: Hi.
Ross Geller: Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?
Rachel Green: No, nothin'.
Monica Geller: I hope she's OK.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.
Monica Geller: How do you know exactly what she's going through?
Joey Tribbiani: She told us.
Chandler Bing: So whaddya got there Monica?
Monica Geller: Just some stuff for the party.
Ross Geller: Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Monica Geller: You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Chandler Bing: Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Rachel Green: Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.
Monica Geller: Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
Joey Tribbiani: Monica, pigeons learn faster that you.
Ross Geller: Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Rachel Green: Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Ross Geller: C'mon Rachel.
Rachel Green: OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Ross Geller: See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Rachel Green: Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
