unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Ross Geller: It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Monica Geller: Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Ross Geller: Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Monica Geller: Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next.
Rachel Green: Mr. Treeger.
Mr. Treeger: Uhh, you said there was a party.
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Mr. Treeger: Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Ross Geller: Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Monica Geller: No, I will not cave.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Ross Geller: Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Mr. Treeger: Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
Ross Geller: No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Mr. Treeger: No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.
Monica Geller: Ross.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Looks like he's playin' baseball.
Ross Geller: You mean hardball?
Monica Geller: Whatever.
Rachel Green: What'cha gonna' do?
Ross Geller: Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
Mr. Treeger: No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Monica Geller: So, wait, you really did like my cookies?
Mr. Treeger: Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.
Rachel Green: Nice seizing. . . gel boy.
Mr. Treeger: So, uh, is this, uh, mistletoe?
Rachel Green: Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil.
Mr. Treeger: Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.
Rachel Green: Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.
