unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Chandler Bing: Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
Ross Geller: Hey guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Rachel Green: Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Ross Geller: How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Gunther: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Here, go nuts.
Ross Geller: Hey guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Chandler Bing: What's in the bag?
Ross Geller: Um, just some presents.
Joey Tribbiani: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.
Ross Geller: OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.
Monica Geller: Cute.
Ross Geller: I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom.
Monica Geller: Ross, that is gorgeous!
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Monica Geller: Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Gang: Hey. Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: Happy Christmas Eve Eve. Oh my God, where did you get this?
Ross Geller: Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Phoebe Buffay: This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
Chandler Bing: Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Phoebe Buffay: No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
Rachel Green: Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Phoebe Buffay: No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Rachel Green: How have you never been on Oprah?
Phoebe Buffay: OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Monica Geller: Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Phoebe Buffay: It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
Monica Geller: Oh, wait a minute honey.
Gang: Phoebs.
Monica Geller: Wow.
Joey Tribbiani: So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
Gang: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!
