unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yeah, baby!
Ross Geller: What are you doing?
Chandler Bing: Making chocolate milk. Do you want some?
Ross Geller: No thanks. I'm 29.
Rachel Green: Oh my God, I gotta go to work!
Ross Geller: Oh sweetie, when do you think you're going to get off tonight?
Rachel Green: Oh I don't know honey. It's gonna be really late.
Ross Geller: Oh come on, not again.
Rachel Green: I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
Ross Geller: Hmm.
Rachel Green: For every night that you're asleep before I get home from work...
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: I will wake you up in a way that's proved very popular in the past.
Ross Geller: Now, if you need to stay late, I want to be supportive of that.
Rachel Green: Right.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
#ALL#: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Ross Geller: And what are you going to do for him?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm going to let him.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Cool.
Monica Geller: Morning.
#ALL#: Hey.
Rachel Green: Somebody got in late last night.
Monica Geller: Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: When did this happen?
Monica Geller: Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
Ross Geller: So, are you gonna see him again?
Monica Geller: Tomorrow night.
Rachel Green: Monica, what are you doing?
Chandler Bing: Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Monica Geller: It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
Monica Geller: We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
Ross Geller: Naked friends.
