unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ow!
Richard Burke: Really?! Well, it's just like everyone else's apartment. It's got rooms, walls, and ceilings.
Richard's Date: Well, I just wanted to see where you lived. Now, give me the tour.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Oh my God!
Richard Burke: Ah well, this is the living room.
Richard's Date: Impressive.
Richard Burke: All right. This is the kitchen.
Richard's Date: Oh, that's real pretty. Wait a minute, don't I get to see the bedroom?
Richard Burke: The bedroom. Well it's pretty much your typical... bedroom.
Richard's Date: We're still on this side of the door.
Richard Burke: Um-hmm.
Richard's Date: Yeah, but I didn't get to see it.
Richard Burke: Oh shoot! Maybe next time. Thanks for a lovely evening.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So um, who was she?
Richard Burke: Oh, that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.
Monica Geller: Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Richard Burke: Well, you seem fine.
Monica Geller: Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Richard Burke: You mean like exclusive friends?
Monica Geller: Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Richard Burke: Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
Monica Geller: That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Richard Burke: Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
Monica Geller: Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
Richard Burke: I know I couldn't. So....
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: How 'bout one last game of racquetball?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Watch the thorns!
Richard Burke: Ow!!
