unknown: nan
Robert Bobby: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey. Ooh! Don't sit down!
Robert Bobby: You ready to go to the batting cage?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. And, first here's a gift.
Robert Bobby: Oh! Wow! Hey!
Chandler Bing: Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Robert Bobby: Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: That's all right, that's well, I figured....
Robert Bobby: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! How's it going?
Ross Geller: Good.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Rachel Green: Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
Joey Tribbiani: Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Rachel Green: Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you're gonna ruin it!
Joey Tribbiani: All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Chandler Bing: Hmmm, that's very cool.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
Rachel Green: Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
Chandler Bing: I can't believe she cracked your code!
Rachel Green: All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Rachel Green: Eh. Beth dies.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Beth, Beth dies?
Rachel Green: Um-hmm.
Joey Tribbiani: Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Chandler Bing: No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
Rachel Green: No. She doesn't die.
Joey Tribbiani: Then why would you say that?!
Rachel Green: Because, I wanted to hurt you.
Robert Bobby: Oh, there they are! I-I dropped my keys.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh my....
Robert Bobby: Got 'em.
