unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What are you doing?
Monica Geller: Oh I'm working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out.
Chandler Bing: It's a dog.
Monica Geller: It's a dead dog. That's Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
Chandler Bing: It's your parents' anniversary and you're going to talk about their dead pet?
Monica Geller: The good stuff, huh?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Monica Geller: You got a present for my parents. That's so sweet.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, yeah, in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary, I had a star named after them.
Ross Geller: Aww that is so cool.
Joey Tribbiani: And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
Rachel Green: Hey, do you guys have any extra ribbon?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, and I think my testacles may be in here too.
Ross Geller: Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y'know Monica couldn't get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
Monica Geller: What?!
Ross Geller: You were the 200-pound 11-year-old who rode her!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
#ALL#: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Everybody, this is Parker, Parker this is...
Parker: No, no, no wait! Don't tell me. Let me guess. Joey, Monica, Ross, Rachel and, I'm sorry Phoebe didn't mention you. Chandler, I'm kidding all ready you're my favorite!
Chandler Bing: Ha!
Parker: Why don't all of you tell me a little about your self?
Ross Geller: Ah, actually, I'm sorry we-we probably should get going.
Parker: Classic Ross. Rachel, Rachel, oh how you glow. May I?
Rachel Green: I, uh, think you already are.
Parker: Rachel, you have life growing inside you. Is there anything in this world more miraculous than-Oh a picture of a dog! Whose is this?
Monica Geller: That's my old dog. He passed away years ago.
Parker: Oh well, at least you were lucky to have him. Bow-wow old friend, bow-wow. So where's the party?
Monica Geller: It's out on the island. It's in Massapequa.
Parker: Maaaassapequa, Sounds Like A Magical Place. Tell Me About Massapequa, Is It Steep In Native American History?
Ross Geller: Well, there is an Arby's in the shape of a tee-pee.
Monica Geller: Okay, I got my note cards. Do you got the presents?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Monica Geller: And I've got the car keys.
Parker: We're driving!?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Parker: Aces!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So uh, he seems like a nice guy.
Rachel Green: Yeah, yeah I like him a lot.
Ross Geller: Ya wanna hang back and take our own cab?
Rachel Green: Yeah, otherwise I'm not going.
