unknown: nan
Jack Geller: Hi.
Ross Geller: Hi! Hey mom.
Rachel Green: This is such a great party! 35 years. Very impressive, do you guys have any pearls of wisdom?
Judy Geller: Jack?
Jack Geller: Why would you serve food on such a sharp stick?
Ross Geller: That's a good question, dad. That's a good question...
Rachel Green: Hmmm....
Woman: Congratulations you two!
Rachel Green: Thank you...we're so excited!
Woman: And also, congratulations on your wedding.
Ross Geller: Wha-What?
Judy Geller: Can we talk to you for just a y'know... It's just a little thing. Well we think it's absolutely marvelous that you're having this baby out of wedlock, some of our friends are less open-minded. Which is why we've told them all that you're married.
Rachel Green: What?!
Judy Geller: Thanks for going along with this.
Ross Geller: Dad so what we have to pretend that we're married?
Jack Geller: Son, I had to shave my ears for tonight. You can do this.
Ross Geller: Can you believe that?
Rachel Green: Yeah, if you're going to do the ears, you might as well take a pass at the nosal area.
Ross Geller: No, us having to lie about being married.
Rachel Green: No, I know I don't either, but ya know what, it's their party, and it's just one night. And we don't even have to lie; we just won't say anything. If it comes up again, we'll just...smile. We'll nod along.
Woman: Ross!
Man: Rachel!
Ross Geller: Hi Aunt Lisa, Uncle Dan.
Aunt Lisa: Congratulations on the baby, and on the wedding!
Rachel Green: Hmmmm....
Uncle Dan: Here's a little something to get you started.
Rachel Green: Oh...
Aunt Lisa: So, how's married life treating you?
Rachel Green: Unbelievable!
Ross Geller: We love marriage!
Aunt Lisa: Great!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Parker: What a beautiful place. What a great night! I have to tell you, being here with all of you in Event Room C...I feel so lucky. I think of all the good times that have happened here. The birthdays, the proms, the mitzvahs both bar and bat, but none of them will compare with tonight! My God, I don't want to forget this moment! It's like I want to take a mental picture of you all! Click!
Chandler Bing: I don't think the flash went off.
Parker: Dahaaa! I'm going to find the men's room, be right back.
Phoebe Buffay: I'll go with you
Parker: Come on!
Chandler Bing: Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
Joey Tribbiani: I have to go to the bathroom too, but I don't want him complimenting my thing.
Ross Geller: I'm so we weren't in the car! Did he ever let up?
Monica Geller: He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle.
Ross Geller: This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! Ooh sorry...
Phoebe Buffay: Were you guys making fun of Parker?
Ross Geller: That depends, how much did you hear?
Phoebe Buffay: So, he a little enthusiastic, what's wrong with that?
Monica Geller: It's just that, it's so much.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, so what I like him! Do I make fun of the people you've dated? Tag, Janice, Mona? No, because friends don't do that. But, do you want my opinion? Do you want it? 'Cause in my opinion, your collective dating record reads like the who's who of human crap.
Monica Geller: I feel terrible.
Joey Tribbiani: I know.
Ross Geller: What was wrong with Mona?
