unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Open it! Open it! Open it!
Ross Geller: Yeah baby!
Man: So we never got to hear about your wedding!
Woman: We were surprise that we weren't invited.
Ross Geller: No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
Rachel Green: But it was beautiful. I mean it was small, but kind of spectacular.
Man: Where did you have it?
Rachel Green: On a cliff, in Barbados, at sunset, and Stevie Wonder sang Isn't She Lovely as I walked down the aisle.
Woman: Really?
Rachel Green: Yeah, Stevie's an old family friend.
Woman: Oh my God. That sounds amazing. I would love to see pictures.
Rachel Green: So would I. You wouldn't think that Annie Liebawitz would forget to put film in the camera.
Ross Geller: Would you excuse us for a second? Umm.... what are you doing?
Rachel Green: What? I'm not you. This may be the only wedding I ever have. I want it to be amazing.
Ross Geller: Okay, okay. Ooooh, ooh maybe I rode in on a Harley.
Rachel Green: Okay, Ross, it has to be realistic.
unknown: nan
Parker: Are you okay? You seem kind of quiet.
Phoebe Buffay: No, I'm fine. I'm great. I'm with you.
Parker: And I'm with you! What a great time to be alive! Look at this plate-bouncy thing. What an inspired solution to man's plate dispensing problems.
Phoebe Buffay: Hm huh, yeah.
Parker: Ah! Oysters! Let me feed you one.
Phoebe Buffay: No, that's not necessary.
Parker: Please.
Phoebe Buffay: No, actually I don't eat...
Parker: I won't quit until you try.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, fine! Fine! Mmm...hmmmmm....
Parker: What are they like? I've never had one.
Phoebe Buffay: Why don't you just try one?
Parker: No, they look too weird.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What are you doin'?
Monica Geller: Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit 'em. I can't wait. They're going to be crying so hard. They're going to be fighting for breath.
Chandler Bing: Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could .
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: And my veil was lace, made by blind, Belgium nuns.
Woman: Blind?
Rachel Green: Well, not at first, but it was very intricate work and they said even though they lost their sight, it was all worth it.
Aunt Lisa: I'll bet you looked beautiful...
Rachel Green: Well, I don't know about that, but some said that I looked like a floating angel.
Woman: So, how did you propose?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. That's a great story.
Ross Geller: Well, um, actually, I-I took her to the planetarium. That's-that's where we had our first date. Um, she walked in and I had the room filled with lilies, her favorite flower...
Aunt Lisa: Oh that is so sweet!
Rachel Green: Shhh! I want to hear the rest!
Ross Geller: Then, Fred Astaire singing The Way You Look Tonight came on the sound system, and the lights came down. And I got down on one knee and written across the dome in the stars were the words "Will you marry me?"
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: And the ring, was the size of my fist !
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah uh, Phoebe! Look umm, I want to apologize about before, okay? We were being jerks. Parker's a nice guy and I'd like to get to know him.
Phoebe Buffay: Then you better do it now.
Joey Tribbiani: Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Because I'm going to kill him
Joey Tribbiani: What-what?
Phoebe Buffay: You guys were right. He's just too excited about...everything. I mean I'm all for living life, but this is the Geller's 35th anniversary. Okay? Let's call a spade a spade this party stinks.
Joey Tribbiani: I know I'm having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet, and when I finally got up to the plates, I slipped on a giant booger!
Phoebe Buffay: Are you sure it wasn't an oyster?
Joey Tribbiani: I guess it could've been, I didn't really look at it. Y'know, I just wiped it on Chandler's coat and got the hell out of there.
Phoebe Buffay: He's just such a great guy I'm so excited about him.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey, you should be excited about him. There's nothing wrong with him he's a good guy.
Phoebe Buffay: You think?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
Phoebe Buffay: You're right. You're right, he's just embracing life. We could all stand to be a little more like Parker. You know what? I am like him! I'm a sunny, positive person.
Joey Tribbiani: Actually, you have a little bit of an edge.
Phoebe Buffay: What's that now?
Joey Tribbiani: Nothing...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh look it's Parker!
Parker: Look! It's the bunny hop!
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh I love it!
Parker: You do?!
Phoebe Buffay: Are you kidding? People acting like animals to music. Come on!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Okay it's time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I'm going to do it.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: No, no it's going to be great. Really! Mom, Dad, when I got married, one of the things that made me sure I could do it was the amazing example the two of you set for me. For that and so many other things I want to say thank you. I know I probably don't say it enough, but I love you. When I look around this room, I'm-I'm saddened by the thought of those who could not be here with us. Nana, my beloved grandmother who would so want to be here, but she can't because she's dead. As is our dog Chi-Chi. I mean look how cute she is. . Was. Do me a favor and pass this to my parents. Remember she's dead. Okay, her and Nana, gone. Wow! Hey does anybody remember when Debra Winger had to say goodbye to her children in Terms of Endearment? Didn't see that? No movie fans?! You want to hear something sad? The other day I was watching 60 Minutes these orphans in Romania, who have been so neglected, they were incapable of love. You people are made of stone! Here's to mom and dad! Whatever!
Judy Geller: Thank you Monica that was uh, interesting. Wasn't it interesting, Jack?
Jack Geller: Why don't I remember this dog?
Judy Geller: Ross, why don't you give us your toast now?
Ross Geller: Oh, no, Mom, it's just Monica this year.
Judy Geller: You're not going to say anything? On our 35th wedding anniversary?
Ross Geller: No, of course, Um... Um, everybody? Um, I-I just wanted to say...on behalf of my new bride, Rachel , and myself. Umm, that if...if in 35 years, we're half as happy as you guys are, we'll count ourselves the luckiest people in the world.
Judy Geller: Oh Ross...
Jack Geller: I just wish Nana were alive to hear Ross's toast.
