unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs.
Chandler Bing: Hey, woah, hey, woah.
Phoebe Buffay: You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
Joey Tribbiani: No, inside good, outside bad.
Phoebe Buffay: You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
Chandler Bing: She's one of us now.
Rachel Green: Hi you guys.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight.
Chandler Bing: Goodnight.
Ross Geller: Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Rachel Green: Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Joey Tribbiani: Naa, she's lyin'.
Monica Geller: Stop sending food to our apartment.
Ross Geller: Well, why're you all dressed up?
Phoebe Buffay: You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Ross Geller: What? You have a date? Who with?
Monica Geller: No one.
Ross Geller: C'mon, what's his name?
Monica Geller: Nothing.
Ross Geller: Come on, tell me.
Monica Geller: Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Ross Geller: Oh, I promise, what.
Monica Geller: It's Richard Burke.
Ross Geller: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Monica Geller: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Ross Geller: Doctor Burke is sexy?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh God, absolutely.
Ross Geller: It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Rachel Green: Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
Monica Geller: When?
Rachel Green: When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh you are so lucky.
Rachel Green: I know.
Ross Geller: Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Chandler Bing: Well maybe he was nervous.
