unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: So what's the final head count on my baby shower?
Phoebe Buffay: About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do.
Monica Geller: Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
Rachel Green: What?! You mean they're not coming to a social event where there's no men and there's no booze?! That's shocking! I don't care, as long as my mom's here.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, your mother!
Rachel Green: What?! My mom's not gonna be here?!
Monica Geller: Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Rachel Green: My God!
Monica Geller: Well it wasn't my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
Phoebe Buffay: Well I don't, I don't have a mother so often I forget that other people...
Monica Geller: Oh give it a rest!
Rachel Green: So my mother is not coming to my baby shower?!
Phoebe Buffay: No. Neither is mine.
Monica Geller: Okay, y'know what? Don't worry, okay? We'll take care of it. We'll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Rachel Green: Please, make sure she comes. It's really important to me, I mean it's my mom!
Phoebe Buffay: I know. I know, what's her number?
Rachel Green: I don't know.
Monica Geller: Go! I have it in my book. Go! Wait a minute! If you're in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her-Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it's Monica Geller.
Sandra Green: Oh, hello Monica.
Monica Geller: Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we've decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today.
Sandra Green: I know, my daughter's told me about it when they received their impromptu invitations a month ago.
Monica Geller: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm-I'm so sorry.
Sandra Green: For what dear? For not inviting me or lying about it?
Monica Geller: Oh my God, my ass is sweating! Please! Please! Can you come? It's today at four.
Sandra Green: Well all right. I'll see you at four.
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Phoebe Buffay: Isn't it at three?
Monica Geller: Son of a bitch!
