unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That's good right?
Monica Geller: You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
Phoebe Buffay: What? He's gonna be dressed as a baby! Oh hi Mrs. Green!
Monica Geller: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm so glad you could make it.
Monica Geller: Yes, thank you so much. And again, we're so sorry. We could not feel worse about it.
Sandra Green: Try. There's my little girl.
Monica Geller: She's still mad.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah I know. Isn't it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, Sandra's mad at you too. It-it doesn't bother you?
Phoebe Buffay: No look, we've apologized twice! I can't do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
Monica Geller: Okay. I can do that. I gotta go powder my ass.
unknown: nan
Sandra Green: Look at that face! Just like when you were in high school! If I didn't know better I'd say you were a cheerleader in trouble. Come on, let's get some tea.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Sandra Green: Oh my look at that. Only three weeks to go, now have you picked your nanny yet? Now I don't want you to use your housekeeper 'cause it would just split her focus.
Rachel Green: Oh well actually gonna use a nanny and uh, I don't even have a housekeeper.
Sandra Green: It's like you're a cave person. Rachel, you must get a nanny. You don't know how overwhelming this is going to be. I mean when you were a baby I had full time help, I had Mrs. Kay.
Rachel Green: Mrs. Kay! Oh yeah, she was sweet. She taught me Spanish. I actually think I remember some of it, tu madre es loca.
Sandra Green: Such a sweet woman.
Rachel Green: Well, however great she was I just can't afford that.
Sandra Green: Oh Rachel!
Rachel Green: What?
Sandra Green: I just had the greatest idea! I'm gonna come live with you!
Rachel Green: Wh-wh-what? What?
Sandra Green: Oh, I'm so happy I'm gonna do this for my little girl. Aw, look at you. You have tears in your eyes.
Rachel Green: Yes. Yes I do.
