unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Why did you invite my mother?!
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: She wants to move in with me and Ross to help take care of the baby.
Phoebe Buffay: For how long?
Rachel Green: Eight weeks. I mean I love my mother, but my God, a long lunch with her is taxing.
Monica Geller: I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
Phoebe Buffay: She can't hear you.
Rachel Green: What? You guys, come on! What am I going to do?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, if you don't want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
Rachel Green: You're right. You're right. I mean I'm about to have a baby, I can tell my mother that I don't want her to just be sleeping on my couch! Oh my God! She's gonna want to sleep in my bed with me. This cannot happen!
Monica Geller: That's right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don't want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Rachel Green: Okay.
Monica Geller: This is great! Now she's gonna be mad at Rachel! Y'know what? And I'm just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Phoebe Buffay: I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It's time to open the presents!
Monica Geller: Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you're the most important person in this room. And in the world!
Sandra Green: Well uh, I don't have a gift because I wasn't invited until the last minute, but thank you so much for bringing that to everyone's attention.
Phoebe Buffay: How about you less important people, let's open your presents!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Mom that's okay that you didn't get you a gift!
Sandra Green: Well, I kinda did. Me. Eight weeks of me.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. Okay, see mom, the truth is I can do this on my own.
Sandra Green: Sweetheart I know you're gonna be terrific mom, I just think you need a little help, especially at the beginning.
Rachel Green: But mom, I really know what I'm doing. I can handle this.
Sandra Green: Really? Remember Twinkles?
Rachel Green: He was a hamster! I am not going to vacuum up my baby!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, come on Rach it's present time! Y'know you're the glue that's holding this whole party together. It's kinda falling apart here.
Sandra Green: Oh look.
Rachel Green: Wow!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, this is from your friend at work.
Rachel Green: Oh my gosh! Oh wow! Oh, I know what this is! Wait a minute. That can't be right. Is that a beer bong for a baby?
Sandra Green: Darling, that's a breast pump!
Rachel Green: Did I say I was done guessing? Okay, thank you for that. Oh wow! What's this?
Woman: It's a diaper genie.
Rachel Green: Oh, it dispenses clean diapers!
Woman: No! It's where you put the dirty ones!
Rachel Green: Well that's gross, why don't you just take it outside and throw it in a dumpster?
Sandra Green: Oh you're gonna do that ten times a day?
Rachel Green: What?! It goes ten times a day! What are we feeding this baby?! Indian food?!
Sandra Green: No dear, that's what babies do.
Monica Geller: Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart.
Sandra Green: Plus, what are you planning on doing with the baby while you're trotting out to the garbage ten times a day?
Rachel Green: I don't know, I'd leave it on the changing table? What?! What'd I do? What'd I do?!
Sandra Green: You can't leave a baby alone!
Rachel Green: Oh come--Of course I know that. I mean of course you never leave a baby alone! I mean who would-she wouldn't be safe as she would be with me, the baby dummy. Oh God, okay. Y'know what? I think opening the presents right now is a little overwhelming right now. So I think umm, I'm just gonna maybe open them a little bit later, but thank you all for coming. And for these beautiful gifts, and this basket is beautiful.
Woman: It's actually a bassinet.
Rachel Green: Okay mommy, don't ever leave me.
