unknown: nan
Sandra Green: ...and all those dinosaur nick-knacks you have Ross, I thought they might be more at home in the garage.
Ross Geller: Well we...we don't have a garage.
Sandra Green: Did I say garage? I meant garbage.
Ross Geller: Y'know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it's not absolutely vital that you live with us.
Sandra Green: Well Rachel needs help with the baby.
Rachel Green: I do. I really do. I don't know anything.
Ross Geller: I'm-I'm sure that's not true.
Rachel Green: Oh no? Pheebs? Monica? Do I know anything about babies?
Phoebe Buffay: No, not a thing.
Monica Geller: It's frightening.
Ross Geller: Well uh, y'know what? Even if she doesn't know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn't live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself.
Sandra Green: That's true. You do have another child.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Sandra Green: With another woman. Have you no control Ross?
Ross Geller: That's a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to...to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things.
Sandra Green: Well then you really don't need me to live with you.
Ross Geller: Yes! Yes, you're gonna be so missed.
Sandra Green: You're gonna be a great father.
Ross Geller: Well you're gonna be a wonderful grandma.
Rachel Green: Hello?! I still don't know what the hell I'm doing!
Ross Geller: Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You'll-you're gonna pick it up. Hey! You will! Uh look, y'know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy's credit card. Do you remember?
Rachel Green: I hope you're going somewhere with this.
Ross Geller: Look at you! What-You're-you're this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you're gonna be an incredible mother.
Rachel Green: Really?
Ross Geller: I'm telling you.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Sandra Green: All right you two, I'm gonna get going.
Ross Geller: Oh.
Sandra Green: Oh no-no-no-no sweetheart, you stay put. I'll let myself out. It's like I'm not here, which I almost wasn't.
Monica Geller: You're still so funny. You're so funny. What do I do?
Phoebe Buffay: Nothing! You have apologized to her like a million times and she's been nothing but terrible to you. And don't forget you just threw her daughter a lovely, albeit slightly boring, shower, and she hasn't even thanked you for it.
Monica Geller: Y'know what? You're-you're right.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I'd tell her off.
Monica Geller: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh!
Monica Geller: Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn't on purpose! But what you're during to me now is just plain spiteful!
Sandra Green: Spiteful?!
Monica Geller: That's right! Maybe it's time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady...old lady...lady!
Phoebe Buffay: Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up...
Monica Geller: So whenever you're ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! I can't feel my legs!
Phoebe Buffay: You were fantastic! I'm so proud of you!
Monica Geller: Yeah? I'm proud of me too.
Phoebe Buffay: You should be!
Monica Geller: Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
Phoebe Buffay: You got it!
Monica Geller: Okay. Mrs. Green! Okay I'm really sorry!! I'm apologizing for the- Okay, I bit my tongue, but I'm still really sorry!
