unknown: nan
Security Guard: Uh, excuse me folks this is a uhh...
Joey Tribbiani: Closed set. We know but we're friends with the monkey.
Ross Geller: Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante.
Joey Tribbiani: Woah, dude, burn.
Ross Geller: I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Trainer: Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
Rachel Green: Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
Trainer: In human terms, I'd say Cybill Shepard.
#ALL#: Woah.
Chandler Bing: So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid.
Director's Assistant: Hey Sal, Jerry wants to know if the monkey's ready for the subway set?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, excuse me. Jerry is the director, which one's he?
Director's Assistant: The one in the director's chair.
Joey Tribbiani: Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
Phoebe Buffay: OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Susie Moss: We've got a problem.
Director's Assistant: Tell me.
Susie Moss: I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Director's Assistant: Is it bad?
Susie Moss: It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
Director's Assistant: I'll talk to her.
Susie Moss: I hate actors.
Chandler Bing: Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Susie Moss: Excuse me.
Chandler Bing: Ahhhh.
Susie Moss: Uh, is your name Chandler?
Chandler Bing: Uh, yes, yes it is.
Susie Moss: Chandler Bing?
Chandler Bing: Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss: I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler Bing: Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Susie Moss: It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Chandler Bing: Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Susie Moss: Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
Chandler Bing: Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Rachel Green: What what what what?
Monica Geller: Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
Rachel Green: Ya think?
Monica Geller: The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Rachel Green: No, was he any good in it?
Monica Geller: Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Rachel Green: Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Monica Geller: Oh, yeah.
Rachel Green: What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Monica Geller: He could hear me.
Rachel Green: OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Monica Geller: Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
Rachel Green: Excuse me. Hi.
Jean-Claude Van Damme: Hi.
Rachel Green: Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Jean-Claude Van Damme: You don't think I'm cute?
Rachel Green: I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Jean-Claude Van Damme: You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Chandler Bing: No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Susie Moss: OK, well then who was the kid that got caught masturbating?
Chandler Bing: OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
Susie Moss: Oh that's me, I gotta go.
Chandler Bing: Oh uh, o, OK.
Susie Moss: Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Chandler Bing: Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Susie Moss: I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Chandler Bing: No one was around to hear that?
Monica Geller: So what'd he say?
Rachel Green: Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Monica Geller: Well, thanks anyway.
Rachel Green: He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Monica Geller: Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Rachel Green: Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
