unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Joey Tribbiani: Forget about it.
Susie Moss: How you doin there squirmy?
Chandler Bing: I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Joey Tribbiani: So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities.
Director's Assistant: I have nothing to do with casting.
Joey Tribbiani: So what're you guys gonna eat?
Susie Moss: How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
Chandler Bing: Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Susie Moss: I want you right here, right now.
Chandler Bing: Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
Susie Moss: Meet me in the bathroom.
Chandler Bing: I'm going to the bathroom now.
Susie Moss: C'mon.
Chandler Bing: I can't believe we're doing this.
Susie Moss: Alright mister, let's see those panties.
Chandler Bing: Alrighty.
Susie Moss: Ooh. Ooh. But ya know what would be even sexier?
Chandler Bing: What?
Susie Moss: If you didn't have your shirt tucked into them.
Chandler Bing: Oh.
Susie Moss: Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
Chandler Bing: OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Susie Moss: C'mon hurry, hurry.
Chandler Bing: Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Susie Moss: Alright, turn around. Time to see you from behind.
Chandler Bing: OK.
Susie Moss: Oh, somebody's been doing his buns of steel video.
Chandler Bing: Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
Susie Moss: This is for the fourth grade.
Chandler Bing: Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
Susie Moss: Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
Chandler Bing: What, what's what you mean?
Susie Moss: My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
Chandler Bing: That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Susie Moss: Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
Chandler Bing: Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
