unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, I love museums!
Rachel Green: Umm.
Monica Geller: Soakin' up all the culture.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Where do you want to start?
Rachel Green: Ooh, the gift shop!
Monica Geller: Yeah!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, and then lunch.
Rachel Green: Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
Rachel Green: What?! No! Why?!
Phoebe Buffay: No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
unknown: nan
The Museum Official: You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
Rachel Green: I didn't know you could get married here.
Monica Geller: This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
The Museum Official: May I help you?
Rachel Green: Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
The Museum Official: Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
Rachel Green: Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
Monica Geller: What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Rachel Green: Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Monica Geller: Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Rachel Green: I'm gonna do it too!
Phoebe Buffay: Me too!
Rachel Green: Really? Who would, who would you marry?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know, I don't have anyone right now. Y'know?
Rachel Green: Oh Pheebs.
Phoebe Buffay: Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, that stuff is...
Phoebe Buffay: Don't even get me started on yours!
