unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi, you guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: What's the matter?
Phoebe Buffay: Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Joey Tribbiani: Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
Phoebe Buffay: No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Chandler Bing: I'll give up my ticket.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay that's so generous!
Chandler Bing: And I think Ross is generous too.
Phoebe Buffay: Great! Okay then it's just us girls!
Monica Geller: Great.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: So what-what is the exhibit.
Phoebe Buffay: It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh man!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Ross Geller: Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
Monica Geller: Oh that's great!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: I mean think about all the money that you're gonna make!
Ross Geller: Why? What?
Monica Geller: Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
Ross Geller: No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Rachel Green: I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
Ross Geller: Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings in his ear.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Ross.
Ross Geller: Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
unknown: nan
Paul Stevens: Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Ross Geller: Really? That okay, that's great.
Paul Stevens: Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Ross Geller: All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
Paul Stevens: Yes it does.
Ross Geller: But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
Paul Stevens: I'll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.
Ross Geller: Ohh! A man with a plan!
