unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
#ALL#: Hi, Julie!
Rachel Green: Hi, Julie.
Chandler Bing: Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Phoebe Buffay: Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Chandler Bing: Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Joey Tribbiani: Do we need a cake?
Chandler Bing: Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
Rachel Green: Yeah, whoosh!
Chandler Bing: But it's Ross.
Phoebe Buffay: It's Ross.
Joey Tribbiani: All right.
Chandler Bing: I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Ross Geller: Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
Chandler Bing: You know, I think I might just.
Rachel Green: So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Joey Tribbiani: Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Phoebe Buffay: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Rachel Green: Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Joey Tribbiani: For Ross.
Rachel Green: For Ross, Ross, Ross.
Monica Geller: Oh my god.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi.
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Joey Tribbiani: If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Monica Geller: Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, someplace nice. How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
Ross Geller: I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Chandler Bing: Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Ross Geller: That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Chandler Bing: We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Ross Geller: Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Chandler Bing: All right.
Ross Geller: Go.
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Jade: Hi.
Chandler Bing: Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Jade: Yes?
Chandler Bing: Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
Jade: How did you--?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Jade: Thanks.
Chandler Bing: No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.
