unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Monica Geller: Who is also in charge of purchasing.
Ross Geller: Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Monica Geller: Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Ross Geller: Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Monica Geller: Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
Joey Tribbiani: Cool.
Phoebe Buffay: Let's see!
Ross Geller: That's fine, I'll just wait!
Monica Geller: Oh, sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Sorry, sorry.
Ross Geller: Monica!
Waiter: Are we ready to order?
Rachel Green: Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Waiter: Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, look at these prices.
Rachel Green: Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
Joey Tribbiani: What are these, like famous chickens?
Chandler Bing: Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Ross Geller: Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Chandler Bing: Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Ross Geller: Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
Waiter: Do I dare ask?
Monica Geller: Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Ross Geller: That sounds great. Same for me.
Waiter: And for the gentleman?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
Waiter: You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?
Rachel Green: Ok, I will have the uh, side salad.
Waiter: And what will that be on the side of?
Rachel Green: Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
Waiter: And for you?
Phoebe Buffay: Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
Chandler Bing: I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
Waiter: Anything else?
Chandler Bing: Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Ross Geller: Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Rachel Green: Um, everyone?
Ross Geller: Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Thank you.
Ross Geller: Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.
Monica Geller: Oh, thank you!
Ross Geller: So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
Phoebe Buffay: No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
Chandler Bing: Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Ross Geller: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Phoebe Buffay: Not for you.
Monica Geller: All right, what's goin' on?
Rachel Green: Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Phoebe Buffay: Fine. All right, fine.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: You can tell us.
Ross Geller: Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
Monica Geller: Ok.
Ross Geller: I hear ya.
Chandler Bing: We can talk about that.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, then...Let's.
Ross Geller: I, I just never think of money as an issue.
Rachel Green: That's 'cause you have it.
Ross Geller: That's a good point.
Chandler Bing: So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Joey Tribbiani: 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Ross Geller: Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Rachel Green: Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Monica Geller: If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
Ross Geller: G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
Chandler Bing: No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Ross Geller: Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
Phoebe Buffay: No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
Ross Geller: No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
Monica Geller: All of us.
Chandler Bing: Together.
Ross Geller: Not at the concert.
Rachel Green: Ok.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
