unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
Monica Geller: I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's like a skit.
Monica Geller: Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Ross Geller: Whoo!
Phoebe Buffay: Cool.
Monica Geller: Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
Ross Geller: But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
Chandler Bing: By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Ross Geller: Come on.
Chandler Bing: Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
Monica Geller: It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
Phoebe Buffay: So...Thank you.
Ross Geller: Could you be less enthused?
Joey Tribbiani: Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--
Monica Geller: Like?
Joey Tribbiani: Charity.
Monica Geller: Charity?
Ross Geller: We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
Rachel Green: Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.
Phoebe Buffay: Actually, it makes us feel that big.
Ross Geller: I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
Chandler Bing: If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.
Rachel Green: Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Rachel Green: Me neither.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too.
Monica Geller: Guys, we bought the tickets.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Chandler Bing: Why did you look at me when you said that?
Monica Geller: Well, I guess now we can't go.
Rachel Green: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Monica Geller: You know what? You're right.
Phoebe Buffay: Fine.
Ross Geller: Fine.
Joey Tribbiani: Fine.
Chandler Bing: Fine.
Rachel Green: Fine.
Monica Geller: All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Ross Geller: Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Ross Geller: Geez! Are you ready?
Chandler Bing: Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Ross Geller: Whoa! You had sex today?
Chandler Bing: Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Ross Geller: Wow.
Chandler Bing: Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign.
Ross Geller: Still doing the screening thing?
Chandler Bing: I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Machine: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Jade: Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
Chandler Bing: Bob here.
Jade: Oh, hi.
Chandler Bing: So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Jade: Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Chandler Bing: So, uh, how was he?
Jade: Eh.
Chandler Bing: Eh?
Jade: Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Chandler Bing: Well, that makes me feel so good.
Jade: It was just so awkward and bumpy.
Ross Geller: Bumpy?
Chandler Bing: Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Jade: Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
