unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey, you guys.
Rachel Green: Happy birthday.
Ross Geller: Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Rachel Green: Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Monica Geller: Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
Monica Geller: Uh, good.
Ross Geller: Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, we really missed you guys.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.
Phoebe Buffay: We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Monica Geller: No, I just, I fell down.
Rachel Green: On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
Monica Geller: You know, a party, or--
Rachel Green: What party?
Ross Geller: It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Joey Tribbiani: You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?
Chandler Bing: Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
Rachel Green: Who gave you that hickey?
Monica Geller: That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
Ross Geller: Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
Rachel Green: What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
Monica Geller: It's work.
Chandler Bing: I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
Joey Tribbiani: And we don't work hard?
Monica Geller: Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
Chandler Bing: I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Joey Tribbiani: And you feel like we hold you back.
Chandler Bing: Yes.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Chandler Bing: No.
Monica Geller: Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Waitress: Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
Joey Tribbiani: Let me get that. You got five bucks?
Machine: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Jade: Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
