unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Monica Geller: Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Monica Geller: Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence... dozens of people.
Phoebe Buffay: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Monica Geller: Oh no-no-no, it's only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
#ALL#: Yay!!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, in that case--Yay! That was me hopping on board.
Monica Geller: Oh.
Chandler Bing: Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Ross Geller: I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Chandler Bing: No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Ross Geller: Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Chandler Bing: Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Ross Geller: Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Ross Geller: Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
Chandler Bing: I'm gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Ross Geller: I'm gonna call after you!
Chandler Bing: This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Chandler Bing: Woooo!!!
Monica Geller: All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Joey Tribbiani: Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Ross Geller: Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Ross Geller: Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Joey Tribbiani: No, I had sex in high school.
