unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Monica Geller: Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Rachel Green: Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Monica Geller: Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
Rachel Green: Ohh, you've waited soo long.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey, Pheebs, quick question for ya.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale's?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know, it would totally depend on her coloring and... You got the job!!
Rachel Green: Yes!!!
Monica Geller: You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
Rachel Green: Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Monica Geller: Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Phoebe Buffay: But we've only had one job.
Monica Geller: I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! What are you saying?
Monica Geller: I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro's.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Monica Geller: It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
Phoebe Buffay: You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
Monica Geller: All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Phoebe Buffay: For what? I can't believe this! I gotta get out of here.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, wait a minute!
Rachel Green: I'm an assistant buyer!!
