unknown: nan
Judy Geller: Rachel's coming up the path. Doesn't she look pretty. Jack...
Rachel Green: Oh my God.
Monica Geller: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
#ALL#: Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Judy Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Jack Geller: Wait, how do you zoom out? There she is.
Monica Geller: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Chandler Bing: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, dad, turn it off.
Jack Geller: It is off. Right Ross?
Joey Tribbiani: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Monica Geller: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Judy Geller: I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Y'know what? I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
#ALL#: No, no, no.
Ross Geller: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
Jack Geller: C'mon kid, let's go.
Judy Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome.
Jack Geller: Let's show 'em.
Ross Geller: Okay dad.
Jack Geller: Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining-Oh no.
Chip Matthews: Bye.
Judy Geller: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Monica Geller: I can't believe you did that.
Ross Geller: Yeah, well.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: See, he's her lobster.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Nooooo. You're really not going?
Rachel Green: Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Monica Geller: You don't have a car. And your license expired.
Rachel Green: I know. Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
