unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What are you writing?
Rachel Green: Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hi guys!
#ALL#: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Ross Geller: Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
Chandler Bing: Without me?!
Emily Waltham: My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Emily Waltham: They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!
Monica Geller: I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
Emily Waltham: I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
Ross Geller: Bye.
Emily Waltham: Right, I've got to be off, I'll see ya. Buh-bye then.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Monica Geller: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Ross Geller: Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey that's what all my relationships are like.
Chandler Bing: Yes, but in Ross's case, they both know in two weeks that's it.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Pheebs!
#ALL#: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hello! Hello!
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
Chandler Bing: Maybe that's because soy-burgers suck!
Phoebe Buffay: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
Phoebe Buffay: That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
