unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Chandler Bing: What are you talking about?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, what' going on?
Rachel Green: We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Ross Geller: Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Joey Tribbiani: Awwww!
Emily Waltham: Hello?
Rachel Green: Surprise!!!
Chandler Bing: Surprise!!
Emily Waltham: No one's ever thrown me a surprise party before!
Rachel Green: Well, it was all Ross's idea.
Emily Waltham: You're so sweet! And I'm so surprised!
Ross Geller: You really didn't know?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there?
Rachel Green: Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
Chandler Bing: Like what?
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What-what-what is so funny?
Chandler Bing: I said, "Like what?"
Joey Tribbiani: Now that's a thinker.
Rachel Green: Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi!
Joshua Burgin: Hi!
Rachel Green: Care for a cherry?
Joshua Burgin: Oh, no thanks.
Rachel Green: No? Y'know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
unknown: nan
Joshua Burgin: You okay? You all right?
Ross Geller: So we should probably get going soon.
Emily Waltham: Oh, but the party's only just getting started!
Ross Geller: Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
Emily Waltham: So why did you plan a party at the same time?
Ross Geller: No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Emily Waltham: But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Ross Geller: Monica said that did she?
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Joey Tribbiani: A little salami.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Joey Tribbiani: Pastrami.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh, yeah. You're a genius.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Up!
Monica Geller: You changed?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
Monica Geller: And lucky means, more cleavage?
Chandler Bing: Does for me.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
Rachel Green: What?
Joey Tribbiani: There was a seen in Footloose...
Chandler Bing: Flashdance.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl...
Chandler Bing: She was a welder.
Joey Tribbiani: What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Monica Geller: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Rachel Green: It's not Christmas!
Monica Geller: Or Spin the Bottle?
Rachel Green: He's not 11!
Emily Waltham: Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
Rachel Green: What? You're leaving?!
Ross Geller: Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Joshua Burgin: Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
Rachel Green: No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Ross Geller: What big thing?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
Emily Waltham: I'll go.
#ALL#: Yay!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Welcome to America.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Two in a row! You've got to use your tongues now!
Rachel Green: Yay! Emily!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What are the odds? What are the odds?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay, that-that's enough! Y'know, let's, let's let someone else play.
Joey Tribbiani: If you didn't want to play, why did you come to the party?
Rachel Green: Okay, my turn!!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!
#ALL#: Ohh!
Rachel Green: It's okay! It's okay! It kicked once, it'll kick again!
#ALL#: Oh my God!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Just a bug.
