unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Ross Geller: That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
Rachel Green: Oh, Ross, I'm sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Ross Geller: Helps a little.
Rachel Green: Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
Ross Geller: Yeah, have a seat.
Rachel Green: I'm so sorry.
Ross Geller: That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
Rachel Green: Well, maybe you didn't want it to end?
Ross Geller: What do you mean?
Rachel Green: You seem to really like her.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Rachel Green: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Ross Geller: You think?
Rachel Green: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross Geller: Hey, you're right.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Thanks. What photo album was it?
Rachel Green: I don't know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Ross Geller: Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
Rachel Green: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Rachel Green: You're a pathetic loser, right?
Chandler Bing: Oh-ho, yeah!
Rachel Green: Sit!
unknown: nan
Joshua Burgin: Hi.
Rachel Green: Oh my gosh, Joshua!
Joshua Burgin: All those things I said about not being ready...
Rachel Green: They're not true?
Joshua Burgin: No, they're-they're all true.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Joshua Burgin: But...
Rachel Green: Oh! Oh, I love that but.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Joshua Burgin: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Okay. Every time.
