unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Rach listen, did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
Rachel Green: Oh my...God! Let me see that!
Joey Tribbiani: You fall for it every time!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: I brought you my old maternity clothes!
Rachel Green: Oh Pheebs that's so sweet--Ooh, those are so cute!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! And look, see how they expand as the baby grows? And then after the baby's born, they're great for shoplifting melons.
Monica Geller: Oh good you're all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o'clock. Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
Rachel Green: No.
Monica Geller: He was in Ross's class...marching band...kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
Rachel Green: Wow! I don't remember him. Honey, are you sure you're not talking about your imaginary boyfriend.
Monica Geller: No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven't thought about him in a long time... Anyway, umm Will's, Will's here on business and he didn't have a place to go so I invited him here.
Rachel Green: Oh that's nice.
Monica Geller: Oh, and by the way, he's lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous! I still love Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: I just want you to say it once in a while.
Monica Geller: All right okay, just so you know, I'm not gonna make a turkey this year.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Monica Geller: Well Phoebe doesn't eat turkey...
Joey Tribbiani: Phoebe!
Phoebe Buffay: Turkey's are beautiful, intelligent animals!
Joey Tribbiani: No they're not! They're ugly and stupid and delicious!
Monica Geller: All right! Okay, it's just Phoebe. Will's still on a diet, Chandler doesn't eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel's having her aversion to poultry.
Joey Tribbiani: She is?
Rachel Green: Remember I had to leave the room the other day when you had that roast chicken?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
Monica Geller: Anyway, it just doesn't seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It's a lot of work.
Joey Tribbiani: But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
Monica Geller: All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just-there's gonna be a ton left over.
Joey Tribbiani: No there won't! I promise I will finish that turkey!
Monica Geller: All right, you're telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
Joey Tribbiani: That's right! 'Cause I'm a Tribbiani! And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders, we don't read a lot or run very fast, but damnit! We can eat!
