unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So you were in an I Hate Rachel club?
Will Colbert: Yes he was.
Ross Geller: No. No.
Rachel Green: So who else was in this club?
Ross Geller: Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don't think he-he knew what it was.
Rachel Green: So Ross, we went out for two years, and you never told me you were in an I Hate Rachel club.
Will Colbert: You went out with her?! We had a pact!
Ross Geller: That was in high school! It's not like it was binding forever.
Will Colbert: Then why did it have the word eternity in it?
Rachel Green: Okay Monica, did you know about this?!
Monica Geller: I swear I didn't. Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Hmm, a little relieved, I gotta say.
Ross Geller: Look Rach I-I'm sorry, okay? I...I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined...
Will Colbert: Co-founded!
Ross Geller: ...co-founded. Co-founded the club was because I was insanely in love with you. Obviously I didn't handle it very well. But if you think about it the I Hate Rachel Club was really the I Love Rachel Club.
Will Colbert: Uh, except that it was really the I Hate Rachel Club.
Rachel Green: Okay. So what? You guys would just like get together and like just say mean things about me?
Will Colbert: Well, we did a little more than that.
Ross Geller: No-no! No-no. No-no.
Phoebe Buffay: What?! What else did you do?
Will Colbert: We started a rumor.
Rachel Green: What rumor?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, come on Will! Just take off your shirt and tell us!
Rachel Green: Ross!
Ross Geller: It was no big deal. We-we...said that the rumor was...that umm...you had both...male and female reproductive parts.
Rachel Green: What?!
Will Colbert: That's right! We said your parents flipped a coin, decided to raise you as a girl, but you still had a hint of a penis.
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: You started that?!
Rachel Green: What?! You heard that?!
Monica Geller: Everyone at our school heard it!
Chandler Bing: Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?!
Rachel Green: Oh no!!!! Oh my God!! This is all making so much sense to me now! This is why Adam Carter wouldn't go out with me! This is why Billy Tratt would just stay in this region!
Ross Geller: Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one's not really our fault.
Rachel Green: Monica, how come you never told me this?!
Monica Geller: I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Joey stop staring! There's nothing there! It's not true!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm afraid I'm gonna need proof.
Rachel Green: Oh!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: You are my Everest.
Monica Geller: Joey, you don't have to finish that.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yes I do. Otherwise what's next? Today I'm just a guy who can't finish a turkey, but tomorrow I'm the guy who eats half a Powerbar, wraps up the rest, and puts in the fridge? No! No, I just...I just-I gotta change my pants. Jeans have no give.
Rachel Green: Okay! Okay! Listen to what Sean McMahon wrote in my yearbook senior year, "Dear Rach, you're such a good person." Not girl! Person!
Ross Geller: Rach, I think you're reading a little too much into it.
Rachel Green: "Dear Rach, you're a great person. Sorry about your tiney-wienie."
Ross Geller: Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn't true?!
Rachel Green: Yes!
Will Colbert: Could you also tell them I'm skinny now?
Monica Geller: Oh! Me too!
Ross Geller: Well look-look I'm not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
Rachel Green: I don't care how long ago it was! You told people that I was half and half! Y'know what? I just want to point out I never did anything to hurt you in high school.
Monica Geller: That's not totally true.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: What?
Monica Geller: Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
Ross Geller: How did you know that?!!!!
Monica Geller: It's true?!!
Ross Geller: No.
Rachel Green: Yes it is! I saw you guys going at it behind the card catalog!
unknown: nan
Will Colbert: Mrs. Altman? She also made out with Takaka Ci-Kek the night before he went back to Thailand.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
Ross Geller: Hey! She didn't look 50!
Chandler Bing: Did she look 16?
Rachel Green: Ohh, there's a picture of her in the yearbook actually.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Wow!
Ross Geller: She didn't photograph well!
Chandler Bing: Well, she probably wasn't familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
Phoebe Buffay: So how did this happen? Did she, did she lure you to an early bird dinner?
Ross Geller: I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace...
Monica Geller: Didn't she walk with a cane?
Ross Geller: Only when it was damp!! I can't believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y'know what? I'm back in the club!
Will Colbert: Yeah!
Phoebe Buffay: I wanna join!
Rachel Green: Wh-Phoebe!!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I never got to be in a club. I-I didn't go to high school, but three of us would meet behind a dumpster to learn French. Bonjour.
Rachel Green: All right, y'know-Fine! You guys have your stupid little club, but I would just like to say is what you did to me is way worse than what I did to you! You gave me a tiney-wienie!
Monica Geller: All right, listen you're just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
Rachel Green: Wow...
Monica Geller: And Ross, if it weren't for Rachel's rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
Ross Geller: As a romancer of the elderly.
Monica Geller: Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
Ross Geller: The eyes...did still sparkle.
Monica Geller: Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you've been through so much since then. And right now you've got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can't you just let this go?
Rachel Green: She's right.
Ross Geller: Yeah. I mean we are having a baby together.
Will Colbert: Hold on! You got her pregnant?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Will Colbert: Are ya getting married?
Ross Geller: Nope.
Will Colbert: So you knocked her up but you're not gonna marry her. Dude! Anybody?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. It's exactly how I'd imagined it would be.
Joey Tribbiani: All right where's that turkey!
Phoebe Buffay: Joey! Those are my maternity pants!
Joey Tribbiani: Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!
