unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, isn't weird to think about how next year at this time they'll be a little baby at the table? Rachel's! But good to know where you're at!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Happy Thanksgiving!
Monica Geller: You too!
Phoebe Buffay: Anything I can do to help?
Monica Geller: Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he's really into the game so I don't want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure!
Monica Geller: I'm gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We're not at a barn dance. You've gotta-you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, it all just came screaming back to me. So how's the game?
Chandler Bing: I have no idea.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! I'm just pretending to watch the game so I don't have to help out with stuff.
Phoebe Buffay: I don't believe you! That is...brilliant! And Monica has no idea?
Chandler Bing: Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Is your team winning hon?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! Anderson just scored again! There's no Anderson.
Phoebe Buffay: Well I want to get in on this. Hey Mon? I don't think I can help you after all, I didn't realize this game was on.
Monica Geller: Oh, I didn't know you liked football.
Phoebe Buffay: Well normally I don't, but y'know......Green Bay is playing.
Monica Geller: You like Green Bay?
Phoebe Buffay: Well it's only like my favorite bay! {Actually, it's not bad. It just gets a little cold in winter, but in Wisconsin winter only lasts from August to June. J }
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Will Colbert: Hey!
unknown: nan
Will Colbert: Happy Thanksgiving!
Monica Geller: Aww thanks! God Will I'm so glad that you came! You look great! You must've lost like...
Will Colbert: 150 pounds. Yeah, I'm gonna be in one of those Subway sandwich commercials.
Monica Geller: A pie!
Will Colbert: Oh right. All right, it's no fat, it's no sugar, it's no dairy...it's no good. Throw it out.
Monica Geller: You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
Will Colbert: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Oh hey. I'd shake your hand but uh; I'm really into the game. Plus, I think it'd be better for my ego if we didn't stand right next to each other.
Monica Geller: This is Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey. Wow! Well done.
Monica Geller: Wanna give me a hand?
Will Colbert: Sure! Monica, I can't get over how great you look! You look stunning!
Monica Geller: Well you look incredible too! You're just-you're so fit!
Chandler Bing: I'm watching the game, but I'm not deaf!
Monica Geller: Oh umm, I meant to tell you, Ross is coming.
Will Colbert: Ross is coming. Great! I love Ross!
Monica Geller: Good. And Rachel Green too.
Will Colbert: Oh.
Monica Geller: Is there a problem?
Will Colbert: Nope. Uh, it's okay. It's just uh, God I hated her.
Monica Geller: What?
Will Colbert: Yeah, I hated her. She was horrible to me in high school. But hey, it was a long time ago, I'm in a good place, it might be actually fun to see her again. You got any cakes or cookies or something? No Will no!
Chandler Bing: Y'know, it's been a while since we've screamed something. Maybe we should.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh okay.
Chandler Bing: Oh come on!
Phoebe Buffay: Noooo!! Damn you ref! You burn in hell!!!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you've got almost an entire turkey to eat.
Joey Tribbiani: Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin' chips is like stretching.
Monica Geller: All right.
Joey Tribbiani: Don't worry, Tribbianis never get full.
Will Colbert: I actually know what you're talking about. I'm here to tell you something my friend, you can eat and eat and eat but nothing will ever fill that void.
Joey Tribbiani: Who the hell is this guy?
Monica Geller: Will! From high school.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey!
Monica Geller: Joey.
Will Colbert: Hello.
Ross Geller: Will!
Will Colbert: Ross!
Ross Geller: Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff! Hot stuff?
Will Colbert: It's good to see you man.
Ross Geller: Yeah, you too. Man, so-so what are you up to?
Will Colbert: I'm a commodities broker.
Ross Geller: Really? Yeah that-that sounds interesting.
Will Colbert: Yeah, it's not. But I'm rich and thin.
Ross Geller: Oh! Man I don't think I've seen you since uh, Lance Davis' graduation party.
Will Colbert: That was such a fun night!
Ross Geller: Yeah. It would've been good if we had gotten in, but still real fun.
Will Colbert: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Will Colbert: God we were lame back then. Do you remember how into dinosaurs we were?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Will Colbert: So what do you, what do you do now?
Ross Geller: So how long are you in town?
Rachel Green: Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey sweetie. Oh good.
Will Colbert: Rachel Green.
Ross Geller: Aw-oh, that's right. Are-are you gonna be okay?
Will Colbert: Oh, I'll-I'll be fine. Just God I hate her Ross! I hate her!
Ross Geller: Will, high school was-was a long time ago.
Will Colbert: Look At Her Standing There With Those Yams! My Two Greatest Enemies Ross Rachel Green and complex carbohydrates.
Rachel Green: Oh my God Monica, who is that?
Monica Geller: That's Will from high school!
Rachel Green: Oh! I do not remember him! Wow! He's really got that sexy, smoldering thing going on. Oh my God, he's... Look at the way he's just staring at me. I think he's trying to mouth something to me, but I can't make it out.
Monica Geller: Okay, dinner's ready!
Chandler Bing: Good game!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Yeah. Solid effort. Solid effort.
Monica Geller: Oh, so who won?
Phoebe Buffay: Green Bay.
Chandler Bing: Detroit.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Well the Lions technically won, but it was a moral victory for the Green Bay...Mermen.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi! Will, right?
Will Colbert: Right.
Rachel Green: Hi! I'm Rachel Green.
Will Colbert: Oh I-I remember you.
Rachel Green: Really?! Aren't you sweet! I gotta tell you though, I am, I am having the hardest time placing you. Oh-oh hang on! Did we umm, did we fool around at Lance Davis' graduation party?
Will Colbert: You are unbelievable.
Rachel Green: Thank you!
Monica Geller: Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don't you sit here? And Will you sit way over there.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
Monica Geller: This is Chandler's chicken. This is the turkey.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. How-how big is that?
Monica Geller: About nineteen pounds.
Joey Tribbiani: It's like me when I was born.
Rachel Green: All right, who would uh, like some yams? Will?
Will Colbert: Oh, you'd like that wouldn't ya?
Rachel Green: What? Oh y'know what? Can we please keep the chicken and the turkey and everything on the other side of the table? The smell is just yuck!
Will Colbert: Typical.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry. What?
Will Colbert: I said it was typical. Typical of you, Rachel Green, Queen Rachel does whatever she wants in little Rachel land.
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously, who is this guy?
Rachel Green: Umm, I'm sorry. Do you-do you have a problem with me?
Will Colbert: I don't know? Do I? Do I?
Phoebe Buffay: I think you do.
Monica Geller: Apparently you were umm, a little mean to him in high school.
Will Colbert: A little mean? You made my life miserable!
Rachel Green: I'm-I'm-I had no idea. I'm sorry. I...
Will Colbert: Well you should be. Screw it! Bring on the yams!
Monica Geller: Oh Will. But you-you've worked so hard...
Will Colbert: Yams!!!!
Monica Geller: Okay.
Rachel Green: Uh Will umm, I just want to say that I'm real sorry for whatever I-I did to you in high school...
Will Colbert: Oh, it wasn't just me. We had a club!
Rachel Green: You had a club?!
Will Colbert: That's right, The I Hate Rachel Green Club!
Rachel Green: Whoa! My God! So what, you all just joined together to hate me?! Who else was in this club?
Will Colbert: Me and Ross.
Ross Geller: No need to point, she knows who Ross is.
