unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
Monica Geller: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Chandler Bing: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey.
Ross Geller: Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Monica Geller: No, she's out shopping.
Ross Geller: Damn!
Chandler Bing: What's going on?
Ross Geller: I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Ross Geller: Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
Monica Geller: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Ross Geller: I have no idea. I mean... But-but I assure you I will figure it out.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Doesn't seem like it's going to work, I mean...
Rachel Green: Hi, guys!
Joey Tribbiani: Hi!
Chandler Bing: Uh, hey!
Rachel Green: What's going on?
Chandler Bing: We're flipping Monica's mattress.
Joey Tribbiani: So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah that's better than my way.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
Chandler Bing: Aww, man!
Rachel Green: Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Ross Geller: So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah! I know.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Can you hear anything?
Chandler Bing: Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Monica Geller: Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, Madlibs, mine!
Chandler Bing: Condoms?
Joey Tribbiani: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Chandler Bing: And condoms are the way to do that?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
Rachel Green: Oh my God! My dog died!
Ross Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
Ross Geller: Le Poo's still alive?!
Rachel Green: Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh. Oh my God.
Monica Geller: Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Rachel Green: It's Le Poo.
Phoebe Buffay: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
