unknown: nan
Ross Geller: You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Joey Tribbiani: You want my advice?
Ross Geller: Yes! Please!
Joey Tribbiani: You're not gonna like it.
Ross Geller: That's okay.
Joey Tribbiani: You got married to fast.
Ross Geller: That's not advice!
Joey Tribbiani: I told ya.
Ross Geller: I'm going to the bathroom.
Joey Tribbiani: Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, me either.
Monica Geller: Maybe I could do it.
Rachel Green: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: Hi, Rach.
Chandler Bing: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Joey Tribbiani: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
Rachel Green: That's not Ross!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Chandler Bing: Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
Rachel Green: Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you're not Kip!
Rachel Green: Do you even know who Kip is?
Joey Tribbiani: Who cares? You're Rachel! Who's Kip?
Chandler Bing: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, that poor bastard.
Rachel Green: See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Monica Geller: You're not gonna be phased out!
Rachel Green: Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
Phoebe Buffay: Ehh!!
Rachel Green: Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
