unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Richard Burke: Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Monica Geller: You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Best Man: Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
#ALL#: What?!
Best Man: What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Rachel Green: What.
Best Man: No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
Ross Geller: Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Rachel Green: Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Ross Geller: Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Rachel Green: Oh dear God.
Ross Geller: Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
Rachel Green: She you in the parking lot.
Ross Geller: No, Rach!
Barry Farber: And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Rachel Green: Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Ross Geller: Marenge,
Rachel Green: "...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Ross Geller: Everybody!
Rachel Green: At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
