unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey guys.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: What's up?
Chandler Bing: You know...Oh My God.
Monica Geller: What happened to your teeth.
Ross Geller: I whitened them.
Chandler Bing: Really.
Ross Geller: Yeah. What do you think.
Monica Geller: Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Ross Geller: Come on, seriously.
Monica Geller: Ross they're really, really, really white.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Ross Geller: Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
Monica Geller: How much longer?
Ross Geller: A-A day.
Monica Geller: Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?
Ross Geller: I know. That's why I did it. Come on, are they really that bad?
Chandler Bing: No, no no no. You'll be fine. Hillary's bind, right?
Monica Geller: She will be after tonight.
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
Rachel Green: Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Chandler Bing: What???
Monica Geller: Oh my god.
Rachel Green: Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
Chandler Bing: I am proud of all my friends today.
Monica Geller: My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous.
Chandler Bing: Hi, I'm Chandler. Your live-in boy
Monica Geller: Chandler, please, come on. Look at him.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey. Here. Ohh, who's the silver fox?
Rachel Green: That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Phoebe Buffay: That's not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
Rachel Green: Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Rachel Green: Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Phoebe Buffay: Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
Rachel Green: To get you to make out with him!!!
Phoebe Buffay: Ohhh.
