unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Monica Geller: Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Monica Geller: Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Monica Geller: Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.
Phoebe Buffay: You never run on a barge!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Is ah, is Chandler around?
Monica Geller: No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.
Joey Tribbiani: Oooh.
Monica Geller: Yeah, Ginger something.
Joey Tribbiani: Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
Monica Geller: No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, 'the movie star.'
Joey Tribbiani: Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
Monica Geller: Well, what did you do?
Joey Tribbiani: What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Monica Geller: Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
Joey Tribbiani: All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
Monica Geller: You gave her food poisoning!?
Joey Tribbiani: I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
Joey Tribbiani: I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
Joey Tribbiani: I ran!!
