unknown: nan
Ross Geller: That's right, I love you! And-and I'm gonna play with you all the time.
Phoebe Buffay: How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?
Rachel Green: He's talking to the baby.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can't wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There's a trick."
Rachel Green: Okay. Well, I gotta go you guys. I'll see you later.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Ross Geller: Bye.
Rachel Green: Bye.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey Rach, listen-Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin' to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren...
Rachel Green: No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she's really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y'know, to give her some advice.
Rachel Green: I guess I can talk to one of my supervisors...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no-no-no-no, she wants to talk to you!
Rachel Green: Really?! Oh my God! I'm successful!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, so will you meet with her?
Rachel Green: Yes! I'd love to! Have her come by the office.
Joey Tribbiani: Great! Thanks! You're gonna love her so much. And-Oh, she's the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y'know the S.A.T's?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: She took 'em!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Ross! Doesn't Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?
Ross Geller: Yeah. Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Sting has a son that goes there too!
Ross Geller: Yeah I know; he's in Ben's class.
Phoebe Buffay: You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!
Ross Geller: Fine! No more dinosaur stuff! Can I talk about fossils?
Phoebe Buffay: Sting's son, seven years old and there's a picture.
Ross Geller: What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?
Phoebe Buffay: No, it's New York magazine. It's an article about the best schools in the city. So how well do you know Sting?
Ross Geller: Uh, I actually haven't even met him.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh, yeah that's too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it's totally sold out. I know! Why don't you meet him and get tickets?! If you get two I'll take you.
Ross Geller: Well actually, I'm picking Ben up tomorrow, maybe he'll be there.
Phoebe Buffay: There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That's why you have kids!
