unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey-hey.
Rachel Green: Hi Monica!
Monica Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi boots.
Monica Geller: See Chandler? I'm getting a lot of use out of them already! They're very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants...
Chandler Bing: You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! They're beautiful!
Rachel Green: Ahh...
Monica Geller: They hurt so much!
Phoebe Buffay: What?!
Monica Geller: The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
Rachel Green: Well-well you can give them to me! I haven't felt my feet in years!
Monica Geller: I can't! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I'd wear them all the time, I just can't give them away!
Phoebe Buffay: Well then get your money back and return them!
Monica Geller: I can't do that either! The soles' are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey I uh just picked up Ben from school...
Chandler Bing: I don't think you did a very thorough job!
Ross Geller: I dropped him off at Carol's. Anyway, it turns out that I'm not going to be able to get those tickets though.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no! Why not?
Ross Geller: Well it turns out that Ben and Sting's son do not get along.
Phoebe Buffay: How come?!
Ross Geller: Apparently, Sting's son made fun of the fact that Ben's moms are lesbinims.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait! But Ross if they don't get along then you should smooth things over. Make them be friends.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, you can't force kids to be friends.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!
Ross Geller: Playpen?! Ben's seven!
Phoebe Buffay: Your kid is seven?! He's really small. Please! Please get the tickets!
Ross Geller: Look I'm sorry Pheebs, I can't do it.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes you can! Sting says so himself!
Ross Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Rosssss can!
Ross Geller: Look Phoebe, I'm sorry it's just...
Phoebe Buffay: Rossss can!
Ross Geller: Phoebe, I...
Phoebe Buffay: Rosss can! Give me the tickets! Ross can give me the tickets!!
unknown: nan
