unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Joey, just because they're not getting married doesn't mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe they have a plan!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let's hear their plan! Now, what's the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
Bobby Corso: Well...I really have high hopes for my band.
Joey Tribbiani: You were right. He is funny.
Rachel Green: Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laughed at you! Now come on Bobby, why don't you tell us a little bit about your band?
Bobby Corso: Well it's just me and my pal Rooster, the band's name is Numb Nuts.
Rachel Green: Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Dina, if you're having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! Dude, that's not a compliment!
Dina: No Joey! I knew you wouldn't be supportive!
Joey Tribbiani: So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You're gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself...without a husband?! You can't be a single mother alone! You're gonna ruin your life!
Rachel Green: Oh excuse me! Am I ruining my life?
Joey Tribbiani: No! No! No! It's different for you. You're so strong and together. You're not some dumb kid who doesn't know what she's doing.
Dina: Excuse me?
Joey Tribbiani: One pregnant woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.
Rachel Green: So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe! Well! Well...so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts-Oh forget it! I can't!
Dina: Joey, I am scared to death about this. But I really think I can do it, I'm just gonna need some help. And Bobby's gonna be here the whole time.
Bobby Corso: You bet I am! And to answer your earlier question, we're straight-up gangster rap.
Dina: Look, Rachel's told me how much easier you've made all this on her. Why can't you do that for me?
Joey Tribbiani: Because! 'Cause... 'Cause you're my baby sister!
Dina: And you're my big brother! I mean, you're my favorite guy in the whole world. I'm not even scared to tell mom and dad. I was scared of telling you.
Joey Tribbiani: Well I'd be scared of them, but all right.
Dina: Joey, I can't stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me. I want him to have his uncle. Is my baby gonna have his Uncle Joey?
Joey Tribbiani: Of course he's gonna have his Uncle Joey!
Dina: We're gonna be all right. I mean, even if we're not married this baby is gonna be so loved. Not just by us.
Joey Tribbiani: That's right! By his uncle too!
Bobby Corso: And by you.
Rachel Green: Okay Bobby, why don't we just come over here and let them have a little moment.
Joey Tribbiani: Come here!
Rachel Green: No! Seriously! What's wrong with you?!
