unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I don't know how any of these got opened?!
Joey Tribbiani: You opened them all?
Monica Geller: I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going to trust me with anything ever again!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey! You got my parent's gift!
Monica Geller: Yeah. What is that?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I don't know. I think it does something to salami.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey! How'd it go?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
Rachel Green: Tag is not the father! And Joey knows now?
Joey Tribbiani: I do Rach. I do, and I so happy for you.
Rachel Green: Oh wow, you didn't even try to unhook my bra!
Monica Geller: So are you ever gonna tell whoever it is?
Rachel Green: No, I will. I'm just not up for it tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know you're not gonna be alone in this.
Rachel Green: I'm not?
Joey Tribbiani: Listen I uh... It's a scary world out there especially if you're a single mom. Y'know, I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y'know? So, Rachel Green will you marry me?
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: What?!!
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, give me the ring back!
Phoebe Buffay: No!!
Rachel Green: No! Joey, oh you're so sweet. You're so-so sweet, honey. But I'm not, I'm not looking for a husband.
Joey Tribbiani: I understand.
Rachel Green: Now, if you will excuse me I am going to go and lie down.
Phoebe Buffay: I can't say that didn't hurt. But I'll take you back Joey Tribbiani.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh yeah. Pheebs, listen about that. I only offered...
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! A Salami Buddy!
Joey Tribbiani: There you go!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: We're back!
Monica Geller: Great! We're hangin' in the kitchen! Let's stay in the kitchen!
Chandler Bing: It's picture time.
Ross Geller: Now you are going to love these.
Chandler Bing: Here's a picture of Ross. And that's me. And that's me and Ross. Oh-ho, that is a picture of our first kiss as a married couple.
Monica Geller: Wow! That is a great picture!
Chandler Bing: Eh?
Monica Geller: Yeah! Oh and interesting because I found the cameras in one of our bags!
Ross Geller: Huh, didn't see that coming.
Chandler Bing: Okay, so this isn't a picture of our first, but it is a picture of my first kiss with...with this lady. Which by the look on your face I'm sure you'll remember. So we don't need--There's no need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right now.
Monica Geller: That would be a good idea.
Chandler Bing: Okay. You opened all the presents without me?! I thought we were supposed to do that together!
Monica Geller: You kissed another woman!
Chandler Bing: Call it even?!
Monica Geller: Okay!
Ross Geller: Well, I'm gonna go get these in some water.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait you stole those from these people's wedding?
Ross Geller: No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby. Yeah, they think they can charge me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming. Hey! My sweater! I've been looking for this for like a month!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my God!!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God!
