unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Are you gonna open the presents without Chandler?
Monica Geller: No! But, they're callin' out to me! I mean this little guy even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldn't mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?
Phoebe Buffay: A little mirror that when you look into it you see yourself as an old woman.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: A tiny salt shaker!!!
Phoebe Buffay: Ohhh! My God! For tiny salt!
Monica Geller: Oh wow! Okay. Well that was fun.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah.
Monica Geller: Good. Okay, I'm just gonna wait for Chandler to open the rest of them.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: Whew. Although y'know, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I mean... I guess y'know it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?
Phoebe Buffay: Well I guess it's okay to open one more if it's part of a set. Y'know, it's probably this one.
Monica Geller: Or this one!
Rachel Green: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hey, how are you feelin'? Any morning sickness?
Rachel Green: Shh-shh-shh! The guys don't know yet do they?
Monica Geller: No! Joey and Ross don't know anything and Chandler still thinks that Phoebe's pregnant.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah that's right Chandler does still think I'm pregnant. He hasn't asked me how I'm feeling or offered to carry my bags. Boy, I feel bad for the woman who ends up with him. After you of course.
Rachel Green: Don't worry I promise that you will only have to be pregnant for a few more hours, 'cause I'm going to tell the father today.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, is it someone in this building? Is it that tall guy from the first floor?
Rachel Green: Ew! No!
Phoebe Buffay: What?! I think he's cute.
Rachel Green: Well then you have his baby.
Phoebe Buffay: Believe me I'm trying.
Monica Geller: Wow. Y'know it is so weird. I mean, you're gonna tell this guy today and he has no idea what's gonna happen.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. You're just gonna knock on his door and change his life forever. You're like Ed McMahon except without the big check, or the raw sexual magnetism.
Rachel Green: Yeah. Uh-huh, I guess it is pretty big news.
Phoebe Buffay: Pretty big? It's huge! God, this guy doesn't have a clue! He's just walking down the street thinking, 'I had sex with Rachel Green. I rock!' then bam! He's a father and everything's different.
Rachel Green: Well it's only different if he wants it to be. I mean, I'm not gonna ask him for anything.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Then he still has this huge decision to make. Now he's walking around thinking, 'Do I want to be a dad?' and then bam!
Monica Geller: What was that bam?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't. He got...he-he-he-he's hit by a bus.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hey Joey, what would you do if someone that you slept with told you that she was pregnant?
Joey Tribbiani: Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
Rachel Green: Oh Joey! Joey! No, it's not you! You didn't get anybody pregnant!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? Is somebody pregnant?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah. That's me.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God Pheebs! You're gonna have a baby?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes. Yes I am. Oh my God, I'm gonna have a baby!
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, wait a minute. Who's the father?
Phoebe Buffay: You don't know him. It's not important. He wants nothing to do with me or the baby.
Joey Tribbiani: Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? 'Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
Phoebe Buffay: David Lynn.
Joey Tribbiani: David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!!
Monica Geller: Who's David Lynn?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh some guy from my gym. A little annoying.
