unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: You tired Chandler?
Monica Geller: You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Chandler Bing: Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Gary: So uh Chandler, you like that badge I got you?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh, umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
Gary: Yeah, we took a little stroll in the park and no one was around, so...
Monica Geller: You didn't!
Phoebe Buffay: We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
Monica Geller: The park huh? A public place.
Gary: Uh-huh.
Monica Geller: I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Monica! This is the Men's room! Isn't it?
Monica Geller: Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Chandler Bing: No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Monica Geller: Come on, we can't let them win!
Chandler Bing: Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Monica Geller: Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Chandler Bing: So?
Monica Geller: I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
Chandler Bing: Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Monica Geller: Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
Chandler Bing: Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Monica Geller: Really?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Monica Geller: That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Monica Geller: Did not.
Chandler Bing: Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Monica Geller: Okay, I freaked out a little.
Chandler Bing: Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
