unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Rachel Green: Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
Joey Tribbiani: Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Rachel Green: No!
Chandler Bing: So what happened?
Rachel Green: Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
Joey Tribbiani: What happened?
Rachel Green: All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Joey Tribbiani: You kissed him?!
Rachel Green: Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Chandler Bing: Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Rachel Green: Thanks Chandler.
Monica Geller: Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Rachel Green: I can't believe it! I got a second interview!
Monica Geller: Yes!
Joey Tribbiani: I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
Rachel Green: What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! No?
Monica Geller: A kiss? What are you talking about?
Rachel Green: I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Chandler Bing: Come on, Rach.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Monica Geller: He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Rachel Green: Maybe. I-I don't know-Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
Rachel Green: Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
Joey Tribbiani: No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
Chandler Bing: I gotta check out this hot girl! There she is!
