unknown: nan
Ross Geller: And then she said it was the perfect way to say goodbye.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! What did you say?
Ross Geller: Nothing! What do you say to that?
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, you've got to tell her how you feel!
Ross Geller: No way!
Joey Tribbiani: You can't just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, I'm just trying to speak your language.
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, Rachel doesn't know that you wanna get back together. If she did, she might feel differently. She might not even go.
Ross Geller: You really think so?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm telling you! Oh, okay! This is the part of the musical where there'd be a really good convincing song. "Bam-bam, don't take no for an answer. Bam-bam, don't let love fly away. Bam-bam-bam-bam..."
Rachel Green: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Can't a girl finish a song around here?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi! So I just dropped Emma off at my mom's.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, you're not taking her with you tonight?
Rachel Green: No, we decided that I would go ahead and set up first, and then my mom would bring Emma to Paris on Sunday.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, eight hour flight with a one-year old? Good luck, mom.
Rachel Green: Are you kidding? Eight hours with my mother talking about Atkins? Good luck, Emma!
Ross Geller: Alright, you know what? You're right. I should at least tell her how I feel.
Joey Tribbiani: Ross, wait!
Ross Geller: What? What?
Joey Tribbiani: Could you get me a muffin?
Gunther: Rachel?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Gunther: I... I know you're leaving tonight, but I just have to tell you. I love you.
Gunther: I... I don't know if that changes your plans at all, but I thought you should know.
Rachel Green: Gunther... Oh... I love you too. Probably not in the same way, but I do. And, and when I'm in a cafe, having coffee, or I see a man with hair brighter than the sun, I'll think of you. Aw.
Rachel Green: Oh... Bye guys.
Ross Geller: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Unbelievable!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you know what might help?
Ross Geller: I'm not getting you a muffin!
