unknown: nan
Doctor: I can't believe you didn't know it's twins! This has never happened before.
Chandler Bing: Well, gosh. That makes me feel so special and good.
Monica Geller: Wait, did you know it was twins?
Doctor: Yeah, it's here in the paperwork we got from the clinic in Ohio.
Monica Geller: Anybody tell you?
Erica: I don't think so. Although, they did mention something about two heartbeats. But I thought that was just mine and the baby's. They kept saying both heartbeats are really strong, and I thought well, that's good 'cause I'm having a baby.
Monica Geller: This is unbelievable.
Erica: Twins actually run in my family.
Chandler Bing: Interesting! Can I see you for a second?
Chandler Bing: What do we do?
Monica Geller: What do you mean "what do we do"?
Chandler Bing: Twins! Twins!!
Monica Geller: Chandler, you're panicking!
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh! Join me, won't you?! Okay, what do you say we keep one, and then just like have an option on the other one?
Monica Geller: We can't split them up!
Chandler Bing: Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
Monica Geller: Okay, what if the person who adopts the other one is horrible?
Chandler Bing: What if they're not? What if it's adopted by a king?
Monica Geller: Yeah, because I hear the king is looking to adopt.
Chandler Bing: Monica, we are not ready to have two babies!
Monica Geller: That doesn't matter! We have waited so long for this. I don't care if it's two babies. I don't care if it's three babies! I don't care if the entire cast of "Eight is Enough" comes out of there! We are taking them home, because they are our children!
Chandler Bing: Okay. Shhh...
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Okay!
Chandler Bing: Okay!
Doctor: It looks like we're about ready over here.
Doctor: Come on, Erica, start pushing again now.
Erica: Ow!
Doctor: Here she comes!
Chandler Bing: She? It's a girl?
Doctor: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Well, now we have one of each! And that's enough!
