unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Morning.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: What's that?
Joey Tribbiani: It's my house-warming present for Monica and Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: It's a baby chick and duck!
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-huh. And I named them Chick Jr. and Duck Jr.
Phoebe Buffay: I did not see that coming.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I figure they'll love it at the new house, you know? It has that big backyard. And then, when they get old, they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. It's a shame people can't visit there.
Phoebe Buffay: That is the rule, though.
Phoebe Buffay: Guess what? You're almost an uncle!
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
Ross Geller: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, and I have a definite feeling it's gonna be a girl.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, you were sure Ben was gonna be a girl.
Phoebe Buffay: Have you seen him throw a ball?
Ross Geller: Is Rachel here?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, I think she's still asleep. Hey, hey, how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
Ross Geller: Uh, we, y'know, we worked things out.
Phoebe Buffay: What's that smile? Did something happen with you two?
Ross Geller: Hey, I'm not one to kiss and tell, but I'm also not one to have sex and shut up. We totally did it!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God. You and Rachel?
Ross Geller: I know, it's pretty great.
Joey Tribbiani: So what does that mean? Are you guys getting back together?
Ross Geller: Oh, I.. I don't know. We didn't really get to talk.
Phoebe Buffay: But do you wanna get back together?
Ross Geller: I don't know. It was incredible. I mean, it just felt so right. When I was holding her, I mean, I never wanted to let her go. You know what? Yeah, I do. I wanna be together.
Phoebe Buffay: YAY!
Ross Geller: Shhh!
Phoebe Buffay: Yay!
Joey Tribbiani: So, so is she still going to Paris?
Ross Geller: Wow, I hadn't thought of that. I hope not.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, this is like the best day ever. Ever! You guys might get back together, Monica and Chandler are getting their baby, there are chicks and ducks in the world again! Oh, I feel like I'm in a musical! "Daa - raa... When the sun comes up, bright and beaming! And the moon comes..."
Rachel Green: Morning!
Phoebe Buffay: Guess we'll never know how it ends.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey. How did you sleep?
Rachel Green: Good. You?
Ross Geller: Good.
Joey Tribbiani: I bet you did!
Ross Geller: Uh. Would you guys mind giving us a minute?
Joey Tribbiani: Sure, yeah. Will you just keep an eye on the chick and the duck?
Rachel Green: Chick and the duck? Didn't they die...
Phoebe Buffay: Dive. Yeah, they dove head-first into fun on the farm.
Ross Geller: So...
Ross Geller: Morning.
Rachel Green: You too. Last night was just wonderful.
Ross Geller: It really was.
Rachel Green: I woke up today with the biggest smile on my face.
Ross Geller: I know, me too. It was... You know, it was like one of those things you think is never gonna happen, and then it does, and it's everything you want it to be.
Rachel Green: Uh-huh. I know. It was just, it was just the perfect way to say goodbye.
