unknown: nan
Ross Geller: OK sweetie, I'll see you later.
Julie: See you later Rach.
Rachel Green: Bye-bye Julie.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey, c'mon, cut it out.
Ross Geller: Hey?
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: Can I ask you somethin'?
Rachel Green: Sure.
Ross Geller: Naa.
Rachel Green: What? C'mon, talk to me.
Ross Geller: OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Rachel Green: Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Ross Geller: Technically, huh, no.
Rachel Green: Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Ross Geller: No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
Rachel Green: No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
Ross Geller: It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Rachel Green: No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I think it's sexy.
Ross Geller: Sexy?
Rachel Green: Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
Ross Geller: No kidding?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I'd wait.
Ross Geller: You'd wait?
Rachel Green: Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
Ross Geller: Really?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Ross Geller: Women really want this?
Rachel Green: More than jewelry.
