unknown: nan
Julie: And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
Rachel Green: Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
Julie: No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
Rachel Green: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?
Chandler Bing: I'm goin' home.
Rachel Green: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?
Ross Geller: Goodnight.
Rachel Green: So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Ross Geller: Oh, no no, I am.
Rachel Green: Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
Ross Geller: Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
Rachel Green: Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
Ross Geller: I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
Rachel Green: OK, gook luck.
Ross Geller: Wha, uhh, what?
Rachel Green: Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
Ross Geller: OK, now I'm nervous.
Rachel Green: Maybe you should put it off.
Ross Geller: No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
Rachel Green: I know, yeah, sorry.
Ross Geller: What, it's not your fault.
Rachel Green: Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Ross Geller: Really?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Ross Geller: Uh-huh.
Rachel Green: And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Ross Geller: Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Rachel Green: Ohh, God.
