unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
Monica Geller: I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Monica Geller: Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
Ross Geller: You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
Phoebe Buffay: OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
Monica Geller: Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
#ALL#: Huuh.
Monica Geller: Well, didn't you?
Phoebe Buffay: I might have.
Monica Geller: I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
Monica Geller: What have I not told you?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Rachel Green: What!
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, who told you? You are dead meat.
Chandler Bing: I didn't know it was a big secret.
Monica Geller: Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
Phoebe Buffay: You have a third nipple?
Chandler Bing: You bitch.
Ross Geller: Whip it out, whip it out.
Chandler Bing: C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
Rachel Green: Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.
Ross Geller: Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
#ALL#: Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.
Chandler Bing: Joey was in a porno movie.
#ALL#: Huuh.
Chandler Bing: If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
Ross Geller: You were in a porno?
Joey Tribbiani: Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
Monica Geller: That is wild.
Ross Geller: So what's it shaped like?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, is there a hair on it?
Joey Tribbiani: What happens if you flick it?
