Phoebe Buffay: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Roger: That's pretty much it.
Phoebe Buffay: Oops!
Roger: But you tell it really well, sweetie.
Phoebe Buffay: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Roger: Okay. I'll miss you.
Phoebe Buffay: Isn't he great?
Rachel Green: He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Phoebe Buffay: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Monica Geller: So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Rachel Green: Okaaay. Any of you guys want anything else?
Chandler Bing: Oh, yes, could I have one of those.
Rachel Green: No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Chandler Bing: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Ross Geller: You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Chandler Bing: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Rachel Green: Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Rachel Green: Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Rachel Green: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Chandler Bing: Okaaay, rock, hard place, me.
Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Chandler Bing: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Roger: Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Chandler Bing: Huh.
Roger: I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Chandler Bing: Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Roger: It's textbook.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
#ALL#: Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Monica Geller: Hey, how long are you in the city?
Joey Tribbiani Sr.: Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Roger: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani Sr.: Hey, hey. Good to meet you, Roger.
Roger: You too, sir.
Joey Tribbiani Sr.: What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Joey Tribbiani: Dad, dad.
Joey Tribbiani Sr.: Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!
unknown: nan
