Joey Tribbiani: It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Rachel Green: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Chandler Bing: What? What?
Rachel Green: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Ross Geller: Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Rachel Green: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Chandler Bing: Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hello?
Phoebe Buffay: It's Phoebe.
Roger: And Rog.
Monica Geller: C'mon up.
Chandler Bing: Oh, good. Rog is here.
Joey Tribbiani: What's the matter with Rog?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Ross Geller: What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Roger: I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.
Ross Geller: Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
Roger: I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
Monica Geller: Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
Roger: Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
Ross Geller: That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Monica Geller: Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
Phoebe Buffay: Isn't he good?
Ross Geller: Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Monica Geller: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Ross Geller: Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Roger: That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Roger: Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
Monica Geller: You're welcome.
Roger: Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hate that guy!
