unknown: nan
Gunther: Rachel?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Gunther: When's your birthday?
Rachel Green: May fifth, why?
Gunther: Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's birthdays.
Ross Geller: Oh, mine's December...
Gunther: Yeah, whatever.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Monica Geller: Just go up to her and ask her out. Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Chandler Bing: I could die.
Ross Geller: Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Rachel Green: Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Phoebe Buffay: But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
Chandler Bing: All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Monica Geller: Just be yourself. But, not too much.
Chandler Bing: Wish me luck.
Ross Geller: Good luck!
Chandler Bing: Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Kathy: No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.
Chandler Bing: Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Kathy: With a K.
Chandler Bing: Oh-oh-hey!
Kathy: Wow! You are really good at this.
Chandler Bing: Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Kathy: I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Chandler Bing: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Joey Tribbiani: Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Phoebe Buffay: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
