unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Monica Geller: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Ross Geller: So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!
Monica Geller: Rachel's not here.
Ross Geller: Oh.
Monica Geller: How's it going with her?
Ross Geller: Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Rachel Green: Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Monica Geller: Hi, Josh.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
Joshua Burgin: Dudes.
Monica Geller: So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Joshua Burgin: Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
Rachel Green: Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Joshua Burgin: Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
Rachel Green: Okay. I'll miss you.
Joshua Burgin: Dope!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, cute one!
Monica Geller: Very!
Rachel Green: I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Ross Geller: Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Rachel Green: Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Ross Geller: Oh!
Rachel Green: What was that?
Ross Geller: Monica knows.
Monica Geller: It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Ross Geller: Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
