unknown: nan
Rachel Green: ...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Monica Geller: That doesn't seem fair.
Rachel Green: I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, it is the best.
Rachel Green: I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Monica Geller: Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I can do that.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
Rachel Green: I would love to!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh good!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh good.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
Monica Geller: Yeah, me too!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, look at that.
Monica Geller: All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Phoebe Buffay: What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Monica Geller: Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
Phoebe Buffay: So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Monica Geller: What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Phoebe Buffay: Like what?
Monica Geller: Cups.
Phoebe Buffay: Cups? You're giving me cups?
Monica Geller: And ice!
Phoebe Buffay: Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant...
Phoebe Buffay: I got it! Mine!
Ross Geller: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Ross Geller: Not so good.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's "Audition didn't go so well. Yeah it did?"
Ross Geller: Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.
Monica Geller: You got a callback too didn't you?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah I did!
