unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Chandler Bing: Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, cups.
Chandler Bing: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Ross Geller: Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Chandler Bing: Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. Oh, hi Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Pheebs! Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
Ross Geller: What's up?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross Geller: Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Joey Tribbiani: That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Ross Geller: Well, you just...
Joey Tribbiani: I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Ross Geller: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Chandler Bing: Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one.
Ross Geller: Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Joey Tribbiani: At least I care about his feelings!
Ross Geller: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn't get it?
Ross Geller: And why wouldn't he get it?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Ross Geller: Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Joey Tribbiani: You just give him a spoon baby!
Ross Geller: Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
Ross Geller: You're kid's name is Raymond!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?! So's yours!
