unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
Ross Geller: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey...
Ross Geller: I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Joey Tribbiani: So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
Ross Geller: Yeah, right!
Joey Tribbiani: I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
Ross Geller: That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Chandler Bing: So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?
Ross Geller: Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
Chandler Bing: So you might say, it's a magic ring.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, the stripper stole it.
Ross Geller: My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Chandler Bing: Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Ross Geller: All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
Ross Geller: Not on you! On the stripper!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Ross Geller: Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
Joey Tribbiani: I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Ross Geller: So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Joey Tribbiani: Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
Chandler Bing: Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!
