unknown: nan
Leonard Green: How about I order everyone the Moroccan chicken?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I-I don't eat meat.
Leonard Green: It's chicken.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I don't eat that either.
Leonard Green: I'll never understand you lesbians. So baby, tell me...what is new with you.
Rachel Green: Well actually umm...
Waiter: Your '74 Lafite sir.
Leonard Green: '74?! I ordered the '75! That's a magnificent wine! The '74 is sewage! Why would you bring me sewage?! Is that a hard question? Are you an idiot? Is that why you're a waiter?
Waiter: This is why I told the manager I wouldn't wait on you tonight!
Leonard Green: Oh come on! Don't be such a baby!
Rachel Green: In case you didn't notice, that is a scary man.
Phoebe Buffay: He's right though, the '74 is absolute piss.
Rachel Green: This was such a huge mistake. I can't tell him Phoebe. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't...
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel!
Rachel Green: No it's okay, this is what's gonna happen. I'm gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell him.
Phoebe Buffay: Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
Rachel Green: Hey, that is the...baby's problem. Oh, everything okay with the waiter?
Leonard Green: I have no idea, I went to the bathroom. So sweetie, you were starting to tell me what is uh, what is new with you.
Rachel Green: Well... Umm, I got TiVo.
Leonard Green: What's TiVo?
Phoebe Buffay: It's slang for pregnant.
Rachel Green: Phoebe!
Leonard Green: Are you really pregnant?
Rachel Green: Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah.
Leonard Green: Who is the father? Oh no! Please don't tell me it's her!
Rachel Green: No, it's Ross. It's Ross. You like Ross. Oh daddy, I hope you're okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is a good thing. You're gonna-This is your first grandchild! You're gonna be a poppy!
Leonard Green: That's true.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Leonard Green: Poppy. Oh, I'm gonna be a poppy. So when is the wedding?
Rachel Green: Who?
Leonard Green: The wedding! There's going to be a wedding. Young lady, don't you sit there and tell me my first grandchild is going to be a bastard! Rachel Karen Green, tell me there is gonna be a wedding!!
Rachel Green: February 2nd!
unknown: nan
