unknown: nan
Mona: So it was really cool seeing you lecture today.
Ross Geller: Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
Mona: Oh no-no, I-I had my eyes closed so I could concentrate and y'know take it all in.
Ross Geller: Yeah, a lot of my students do that.
Mona: So, I gotta get going.
Ross Geller: Okay, I-I'll see you tonight.
Mona: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Okay, bye.
unknown: nan
Mona: Oh hey, thanks again for showing me your semi-precious stone collection. It was amazing!
Chandler Bing: My God! You must be good in bed!
Joey Tribbiani: So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. How's it going?
Ross Geller: Ah, it's good. It's going good. I mean, we get along great. She's, she's so...
Joey Tribbiani: Hot?
Ross Geller: Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!
Chandler Bing: She's okay with Rachel and the baby?
Ross Geller: Well I...I haven't actually told her yet. I don't want to scare her off, y'know?
Chandler Bing: Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you're going down the same path, but you're really going down different ones.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you're gonna have a bachelor party.
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
Chandler Bing: Honey! That's crazy! I don't want you to get me a stripper...
Joey Tribbiani: Will you let the lady talk?!
Monica Geller: Come on! Come on, it'll be fun! It'll make me feel so much better.
Chandler Bing: Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it's a little creepy. Y'know? I'm not a bachelor anymore.
Monica Geller: So don't think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a...a two month anniversary present.
Ross Geller: Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance!
Monica Geller: Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Chandler Bing: All right fine! But I'm only doing this for you!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!
Chandler Bing: And Joey.
Monica Geller: Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
Chandler Bing: Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
Ross Geller: Uh actually, sorry I can't even make it. I'm seeing Mona again tonight.
Chandler Bing: I Understand who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby...
