unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Huh?
Rachel Green: I'm having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure. Yeah, he's kinda sexy.
Rachel Green: Oh no, no, I'll be there too.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay so, we'll just come up with some kind of signal if it's going well you can take off.
Rachel Green: No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven't told him I'm pregnant yet.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh. Why not?
Rachel Green: 'Cause I know he's gonna flip out and I hate it when he's angry.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh Rachel, this is all so 'Papa don't preach.'
Rachel Green: What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he'd make me eat the entire pack.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Oh well, I will be there!
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Phoebe Buffay: Gosh. I'm not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.
Monica Geller: No you don't!
Rachel Green: No you don't.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!!! Monica!! He's the stripper from your bachelorette party!!
Chandler Bing: Her what?!!
Phoebe Buffay: Your secret bachelorette party...
Chandler Bing: You had a bachelorette party?!
Phoebe Buffay: She untied his G-string with her teeth. Somebody stop me!
Chandler Bing: I thought we weren't gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y'know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
Joey Tribbiani: It's a grand tradition!
Monica Geller: I'm sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!
Rachel Green: Well you could've untied it with your hands.
Joey Tribbiani: This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I wasn't allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
Chandler Bing: You went home with the waitress.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.
Chandler Bing: I can't believe you didn't tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!
Monica Geller: Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass!
