Chandler Bing: Hey, kids.
#ALL#: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Chandler Bing: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Monica Geller: Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Chandler Bing: It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
unknown: nan
Aurora: ...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Chandler Bing: Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler Bing: We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Aurora: ...All of a sudden we realised we were in Yammon.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Aurora: 'We' would be me and Rick.
Joey Tribbiani: Who's Rick?
Chandler Bing: Who's Rick?
Aurora: My husband.
#ALL#: Ooooohhh.
Chandler Bing: Oh, so you're divorced?
Aurora: No.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Aurora: No, I'm still married.
Chandler Bing: So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Aurora: Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
Chandler Bing: Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Aurora: Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
#ALL#: What?!
Chandler Bing: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Aurora: I suppose mainly sexual.
Chandler Bing: ...Hm.
Monica Geller: Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Chandler Bing: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Monica Geller: Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Chandler Bing: Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Ross Geller: No, of course not! ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
Monica Geller: What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Joey Tribbiani: I couldn't do it.
Monica Geller: Good for you, Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Ross Geller: Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.
Monica Geller: We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
#ALL#: Yeah! C'mon!
Ross Geller: Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-
unknown: nan
