Chandler Bing: God, I love these fingers...
Aurora: Thank you.
Chandler Bing: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Aurora: Oh my God, I'm late.
Chandler Bing: Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go..
Aurora: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Don't go.
Aurora: Okay. Oh no, I have to.
Chandler Bing: Too bad, she's leaving.
Aurora: I'm sorry. He'll be waiting for me.
Chandler Bing: Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Aurora: It's not Rick.
Chandler Bing: What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Aurora: No, it's-it's Andrew.
Chandler Bing: I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Aurora: He's... new.
Chandler Bing: Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Aurora: No, that's not exactly what I was..
Chandler Bing: Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Aurora: So what do you want?
Chandler Bing: You.
Aurora: You have me!
Chandler Bing: Nono, just you.
Aurora: Whaddyou mean?
Chandler Bing: Lose the other guys.
Aurora: ...Like, ...all of them?
Chandler Bing: C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Aurora: Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
Chandler Bing: ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Aurora: So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
Chandler Bing: I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Aurora: Which one?
Chandler Bing: ...The second guy.
Aurora: Well, call me if you change your mind.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
unknown: nan
