Rachel Green: Tah-daaah!
Chandler Bing: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Rachel Green: Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Rachel Green: Well, whaddya think?
#ALL#: Very clean! It looks great! Terrific!
Monica Geller: ...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
#ALL#: Uh-oh...
Monica Geller: How-how did that happen?
Rachel Green: I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Monica Geller: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Phoebe Buffay: I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Chandler Bing: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Monica Geller: You guys, I am not that bad!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Monica Geller: That is so unfair!
Ross Geller: Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
Monica Geller: Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Ross Geller: Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Monica Geller: Why not?
Ross Geller: Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
Monica Geller: I could do that.
Rachel Green: Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Monica Geller: Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Chandler Bing: Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Monica Geller: STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Ross Geller: Monica? You're Mom.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
#ALL#: Oh my God! Whoah!
Monica Geller: Well, what's the part?
Joey Tribbiani: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Phoebe Buffay: Seriously, what-what's the part?
Joey Tribbiani: "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
Ross Geller: C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
Joey Tribbiani: ...I'm his
Rachel Green: ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Joey Tribbiani: ...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Monica Geller: Oh my God.
Joey Tribbiani: C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Chandler Bing: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Ross Geller: You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
