unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Chandler Bing: What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Ross Geller: Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?
Chandler Bing: Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Ross Geller: Put it back exactly where you found it?
Chandler Bing: Yes I'm gonna put it back exactly where I found it.
Ross Geller: 'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
Chandler Bing: She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Ross Geller: Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
Chandler Bing: She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
Ross Geller: Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
Chandler Bing: I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
Ross Geller: Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Chandler Bing: No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Monica Geller: Hi!
Chandler Bing: Hey Mon, how's it going?
Monica Geller: Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
Chandler Bing: Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
Monica Geller: It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Chandler Bing: No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Monica Geller: Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?
Chandler Bing: It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! She's-she's gonna kill me.
Ross Geller: Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. And that goes back up there.
