unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Chandler Bing: And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Chandler Bing: I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Monica Geller: Oh, So you can move them!
Chandler Bing: Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Janine Lecroix: Hi.
Ross Geller: Hi!
Janine Lecroix: Hi
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
Monica Geller: It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Janine Lecroix: Lecroix. Janine Lecroix
Joey Tribbiani: I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
Chandler Bing: So, uh, wh-where ya from?
Janine Lecroix: Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.
Joey Tribbiani: From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
Ross Geller: So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?
Janine Lecroix: I'm a dancer.
Joey Tribbiani: You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
Janine Lecroix: Well, I think I'll go and unpack.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, hey let me.
Monica Geller: Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Joey Tribbiani: Of course I did.
Monica Geller: Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?
Joey Tribbiani: "When can you move in?"
Ross Geller: Thank you for bringing her into our lives.
Chandler Bing: Unbelievable
Monica Geller: Oh, so you like her too Chandler?
Chandler Bing: Hey, look at all the boxes!
Joey Tribbiani: Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
Monica Geller: Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Chandler Bing: All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh God, yeah.
Chandler Bing: Now imagine you live at the supermarket.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay!
Chandler Bing: No-no
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Monica Geller: Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Monica Geller: Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Joey Tribbiani: You a little sad about that sweetheart?
