unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Ross Geller: Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Chandler Bing: What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Ross Geller: Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
Chandler Bing: OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Ross Geller: Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Chandler Bing: Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Joey Tribbiani: Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Ross Geller: Hey, I've been married 3 times
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Ross Geller: Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Chandler Bing: Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Ross Geller: Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Chandler Bing: Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
Ross Geller: Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Chandler Bing: That's not specific to girls.
Joey Tribbiani: This is great, this is great, what else, what else?
Ross Geller: Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.
Chandler Bing: And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Ross Geller: They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
Chandler Bing: Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
Ross Geller: I'm never gonna find love again.
