unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?
Ross Geller: Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants.
Chandler Bing: Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times,two illegitimate children. The personal ad writes itself....
Ross Geller: That's funny...Do you think you'll ever work again?
Chandler Bing: What are doing? You know I can only dish it out!
Ross Geller: I can't believe Rachel just moved on and didn't say anything to me.
Chandler Bing: Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing.
Ross Geller: No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar.
Chandler Bing: Did she go out with him?
Ross Geller: No. When he called, I...I threw the message away.
Chandler Bing: Ah! The high road...
Ross Geller: You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over there!Hey come with me!
Chandler Bing: Are you trying to get everybody divorced?
Ross Geller: You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break theice with some kind of jokes so that they know you're the funny one and I swoop in with some interesting conversation, sothey'll see that I'm the brilliant, brooding, sexy one...
Chandler Bing: I thought I had to make the jokes!
Ross Geller: Don't you have to be at work?
Chandler Bing: Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human pyramid...Swoop!! Swoop!!
Ross Geller: Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Here's a question: "Would you...would you rather drown or be burnt alive?"
Blonde Girl: Sorry...we were just leaving.
Chandler Bing: We still got it!
