unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Wow. She does that a lot!
Michelle: Ross, you didn't tell me you were a doctor!
Rachel Green: What, what, wait a minute! You haven't even told her you were a doctor, yet? How long have you known her, likean hour?
Michelle: Actually about an hour and a half.
Ross Geller: I told you it wasn't long, but there is an amazing connection between us.
Michelle: You feel that too? Oh, I thought that was just me!
Ross Geller: Are you kidding?
Michelle: Hey, do you want to go away this weekend?
Ross Geller: We'll see.
Rachel Green: Ok, Ross, what's going on here, are we just bringing strange women back to the apartment now?
Ross Geller: I don't know, are we just kissing guys on balconies?
Rachel Green: How do you know about that?
Ross Geller: Through the magic of sight! I was here, putting our child to sleep...
Michelle: Emma.
Ross Geller: When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?
Rachel Green: Oh, that's what this is all about? Did you bring her up here to get back at me?
Michelle: No, actually, see I had to pee, 'cause I can't use public bathrooms because the doodie parasites.
Ross Geller: Ok, Michelle, it's time to go.
Michelle: Well, call me!
Ross Geller: Ok.
Michelle: No, wait, you don't have my phone number!
Ross Geller: You know, if it's meant to be, I'll guess it. Bye, bye.
Rachel Green: Score.
Ross Geller: Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties onthe balcony.
Rachel Green: Oh God, I can't believe you're making such a big deal about this. It was one kiss, one guy, one time!
Ross Geller: Oh, really!
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Oh, really!
Rachel Green: Oh yeah.
Ross Geller: What about the guy from the bar?
Rachel Green: What? Who?
Ross Geller: The guy you gave your number to.
Rachel Green: Whoa, how do you know about that?
Ross Geller: Because he called here looking for you. So don't tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing,ok? You've been out there in bars and on balconies for over a month now. And you didn't even have the courtesy to tell me.
Rachel Green: Why didn't I get that message?
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: From the guy in the bar, why didn't I get that message?
Ross Geller: Because I folded it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there?
Rachel Green: Ross?
Ross Geller: I never gave it to you.
Rachel Green: Why?
Ross Geller: I don't know.
Rachel Green: Oh God. You know what? Who you think you are? Who are you to decide what messages I should or should not get?
Ross Geller: Who am I?
Rachel Green: Yes.
Ross Geller: I am the guy who's taking care of our baby while you're out at bars meeting guys!
Rachel Green: Oh my God, I cannot believe this. You know I actually came in here hoping to have a mature conversation with youAbout us! But I can't do that with someone who hides my messages and brings crazy women back to my apartment!
Ross Geller: None of the sane ones wanted to come back with me! That's not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the oneWho moved on and didn't tell anyone!
Rachel Green: Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! What's wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situation theyAlways ask, "what, you live together but you're not a couple? And you have a baby, isn't that weird? And I say "No.You know what, it's not, because it works for us! But you know this doesn't work. In fact this is the opposite of working!
Ross Geller: Uh, clearly.
Rachel Green: And you know, we said that we would, we would live together as long as this makes sense. An maybe this, you know,Just doesn't make sense anymore.
Ross Geller: Yeah, maybe not. So what you wanna do?
