unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks Ishould have my eyebrows waxed. Is that weird for a guy?
Phoebe Buffay: Well it depends.
Joey Tribbiani: On...?
Phoebe Buffay: On how far along he's in the sex change process!
Monica Geller: No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. Not that you need to,your eyebrows are...
Joey Tribbiani: Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! You're freaking me out!
Phoebe Buffay: Your knuckles are kinda hairy too...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh man! I have to get those done too?!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Talking about high maintenance.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey hey! You dye your hair!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm a woman!
Joey Tribbiani: Arghhh! Double standards!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's piano bar tonight?
Monica Geller: Only if I don't have to get up and sing.
Phoebe Buffay: But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of the words, flipped outand everyone booed him off the stage. So funny.
Monica Geller: It's just, I'm not good at singing.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna beat you at singing?
Monica Geller: No no, it's not working on me. Wow! I must be growing up!
Phoebe Buffay: OK fine! Please come and support Mike. You don't have to sing.
Monica Geller: So I don't have to sing and I can just sit there and pass judgments on others?
Phoebe Buffay: While drinking...
Monica Geller: I'm there!
Rachel Green: Hi guys! Listen I really need your help. I think I did something really stupid.
Phoebe Buffay: Well yes Rachel but you got something so beautiful out there.
Rachel Green: No not that. I kissed Gavin last night.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god.
Monica Geller: You kissed him?
Rachel Green: Yeah. It was after the party, we were on the balcony and...
Monica Geller: Wait wait wait. I was at home the whole time. How did I missed that?
Phoebe Buffay: It was the end of the party, you were probably ironing wrapping paper.
Monica Geller: Oh yeah...So how did you end up kissing?
Rachel Green: You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this scarf...
Monica Geller: I thought you hated him?
Rachel Green: You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!
Monica Geller: So are you thinking of starting up something with this guy?
Rachel Green: I don't know. It's so complicated. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross, and I just...I don'tknow what to do and I have to be at the office and see Gavin in ten minutes.
Monica Geller: Sounds like you need to think about what you want, talk to Gavin, and you definitely should talk to Ross.
Rachel Green: Or...I could call in sick and not deal with it at all...
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are lucky to have you!!
