unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Monica Geller: I'm Monica.
Chandler Bing: I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Monica Geller: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
Monica Geller: Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Chandler Bing: Monica...
Monica Geller: No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
Chandler Bing: Will you marry me?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Oh-no. No. No.
Joey Tribbiani: What a bad idea!
Rachel Green: Ohhhh, I cannot look at it!
Monica Geller: Chandler, why are you doing this?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
Monica Geller: Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Monica Geller: Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler Bing: No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Monica Geller: Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Monica Geller: Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Chandler Bing: Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Monica Geller: Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: She's right y'know.
Ross Geller: Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
Monica Geller: Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Chandler Bing: I didn't think I was!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Chandler Bing: Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
