unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Chandler Bing: Sounds like a fun party.
Rachel Green: Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Ross Geller: It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Rachel Green: Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
Ross Geller: Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
Rachel Green: And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Chandler Bing: Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Rachel Green: Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Chandler Bing: Wh-wh-why?!
Rachel Green: Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Rachel Green: Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Chandler Bing: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Rachel Green: No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Chandler Bing: Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Rachel Green: Not unless different means the same.
