unknown: nan
Monica Geller: You wanna fool around with Joey?
Rachel Green: Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!
Monica Geller: Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around?
Rachel Green: Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet.
Monica Geller: Who, who are they?
Rachel Green: I know them from work.
Monica Geller: Both of them?
Rachel Green: No, one of them...
Monica Geller: Which one?
Rachel Green: I don't know, what were the names I just said?
Monica Geller: Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.
Rachel Green: All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion?
Monica Geller: What the hell are you cooking!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today.
Chandler Bing: Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs.
Ross Geller: There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus.
Monica Geller: What's so bad about that?
Ross Geller: It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches.
Monica Geller: : Ross?
Ross Geller: These aren't suede. Charlie: Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller?
Gunther: No.
Ross Geller: Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, hi. I'm professor Wealer.
Ross Geller: Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice.
Charlie Wheeler: It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around.
Ross Geller: Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out.
Monica Geller: Is he gonna introduce us?
Chandler Bing: No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now.
Charlie Wheeler: And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis.
Ross Geller: Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute.
Monica Geller: Twenty bucks says they're married within the month.
Ross Geller: We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, ah, isn't there another professor that is supposed to come with us?
Ross Geller: I don't think so.
Charlie Wheeler: I'm pretty sure, professor Spafford from Cornell?
Ross Geller: Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". An option that many of my students use. Shall we?
Charlie Wheeler: You don't think we should wait for him?
Ross Geller: You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok?
Professor Spafford: Professor Geller?
Ross Geller: Oh, damn it!
