unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love".
Rachel Green: Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number.
Monica Geller: Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married!
Matthew Ashford: It was nice to meet you Rachel.
Rachel Green: Nice to meet you.
Matthew Ashford: Call me.
Rachel Green: Ok Monica: We will!!
Monica Geller: Look at you with all the guys!
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Monica Geller: I guess you have forgotten all about Joey?
Rachel Green: Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler!
Monica Geller: Please... Chandler is the love of my life... ... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! Ross: So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh?
Charlie Wheeler: Actually, I'm kinda happy to be leaving... I just broke up with someeone.
Ross Geller: Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer?
Charlie Wheeler: Actually, Alby is the guy I broke up with.
Ross Geller: You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer?
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah...
Ross Geller: ... And you called him Alby!? I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby...
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah, well, he is a brilliant man.
Ross Geller: Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10!
Charlie Wheeler: Yes! And while that is everything one looks for in a boyfriend, he had a lot of issues...
Ross Geller: Oh! like what?! Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood".
Charlie Wheeler: Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him.
Ross Geller: Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize?
Charlie Wheeler: A guy who won two.
Ross Geller: Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart.
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah... for three years.
Ross Geller: Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize?
Charlie Wheeler: ... no... bu but there was my first boyfriend Billy.
Ross Geller: Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him?
Charlie Wheeler: No, but he did just win the McArthur genius grant.
Ross Geller: Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine?
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Ross!
Rachel Green: How is it going with Charlie?
Ross Geller: Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, What's the matter?
Ross Geller: She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth.
Rachel Green: I always loved that!!
Ross Geller: Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Worse?
Ross Geller: Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... "Can we walk"? Oh, you... you like that?
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Come on! I think this is funny!
