unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica.
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Ross Geller: Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods?
Charlie Wheeler: Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas...
Phoebe Buffay: Ah, ah.
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take this. Excuse me.
Ross Geller: Ranion's theory of species variegation?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out!
Monica Geller: So, did you two have fun?
Ross Geller: Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny...
Monica Geller: And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a HOTTY!! HI!
Rachel Green: Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play.
Ross Geller: Really? Wh-what's wrong?
Rachel Green: I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!!
Charlie Wheeler: Oh, Newcastle disease is a secretion borne virus that only affects chickens and... other poultry.
Rachel Green: ... Ok, who is this?
Ross Geller: I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue.
Rachel Green: Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease!
Monica Geller: Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec?
Rachel Green: Sure! Oh...
Monica Geller: You're not sick!
Rachel Green: What? Yes, I am!
Monica Geller: Ok, then, why are you... all dressed up??
Rachel Green: When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better!
Monica Geller: You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey!
Rachel Green: Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is!
Monica Geller: Ok, what is this?
Rachel Green: Ok! Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you!
Monica Geller: WHAT?
Ross Geller: Wh-what's going on?
Monica Geller: Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
Rachel Green: And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!!
Charlie Wheeler: I thought you came to say you were sick.
Rachel Green: Ok professor or detective?
Phoebe Buffay: Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us?
Rachel Green: Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory!
Phoebe Buffay: And that horrible museum tour!
Ross Geller: No, I arranged that... Joey: Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
Phoebe Buffay: We know about your party Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: What party?
Monica Geller: The game's over! Take off your robe!
Joey Tribbiani: Ok... I mean...
#ALL#: No!! Cover it up!!
Joey Tribbiani: Nice to meet ya!
