unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. Dirk, this is my good friend Ross.
Ross Geller: Nice to meet you.
Dirk: Hey! So what show are you on?
Ross Geller: Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. Joey: It's a science.
Dirk: Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
Ross Geller: Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys.
Dirk: Hey, I got a 690 on my SATs.
Ross Geller: I'd lead with that. Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra .
Joey Tribbiani: Monica!
Monica Geller: Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! Joey: What have you got there?
Ross Geller: Just some boys gave me their phone numbers.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, let me see! Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
Rachel Green: I think I am.
Joey Tribbiani: Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug . This guy's Canadian . And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. Joey: Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
Rachel Green: Why, why, what's wrong with these guys?
Joey Tribbiani: Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
Rachel Green: Joey, you're so sweet.
Joey Tribbiani: That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
Rachel Green: Who ? Joey: Me.
Rachel Green: What? Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke!
Rachel Green: Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it!
Joey Tribbiani: Gotcha.
Rachel Green: Oh, Very funny... Joey. Chandler: So, how did you enjoy the play?
Monica Geller: Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry.
Chandler Bing: Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Monica Geller: You really liked it?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted.
Monica Geller: Oh really!
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
Monica Geller: No!
Chandler Bing: Did somebody sign your bra?
Monica Geller: So I got it when I was 13...
