unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
Ross Geller: It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize.
Phoebe Buffay: Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know, slum it with some average Joe Phd.
Ross Geller: Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited.
Phoebe Buffay: You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny...
Ross Geller: And sexy.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok well give her a chance to see all of that!
Ross Geller: Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her.
Phoebe Buffay: Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
Ross Geller: Stop going through my stuff ! Rachel: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.
Monica Geller: No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea.
Rachel Green: Please, what about you and Chandler?
Monica Geller: That's different! I was drunk and stupid!
Rachel Green: Well hello !
Monica Geller: What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them?
Rachel Green: I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey!
Monica Geller: Alright . I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision.
Rachel Green: I'm gonna do it.
Monica Geller: And I can't stop you.
Rachel Green: No. Ross: Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? Ross: I'm smarter than him!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
Monica Geller: Oh, you're so wonderful.
Bitter Woman: Why don't you like me! Chapter one: my first period.
Chandler Bing: Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death .
