unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ....and 12, 22, 18, four... What?
Chandler Bing: I spelled out boobies.
Monica Geller: Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
Ross Geller: Ah, we're out. I sold them all.
Monica Geller: What?
Ross Geller: Monica, I'm cutting you off.
Monica Geller: No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Ross Geller: Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
Monica Geller: Oh God!
Chandler Bing: So, how many have you sold so far?
Ross Geller: Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
Chandler Bing: Oh my God, how did you do that?
Ross Geller: Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Rachel Green: Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Ross Geller: Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?
Chandler Bing: Me! On my computer.
Ross Geller: Well you sure used a large font.
Chandler Bing: Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Rachel Green: Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Chandler Bing: Something else I might have said?
Rachel Green: I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Ross Geller: Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
Rachel Green: No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
Chandler Bing: You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
Rachel Green: You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I got great news!
Chandler Bing: Run, Joey! Run for your life!
Joey Tribbiani: What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
Rachel Green: No.
Joey Tribbiani: Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Not a problem.
Rachel Green: Thanks.
Joey Tribbiani: And now for the great news.
Ross Geller: What, that wasn't the great news?
Joey Tribbiani: Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
Monica Geller: Christmas cookie?
