unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, I'll take a box of the cream filled Jesus's.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Chandler Bing: Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Ross Geller: No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Mon?
Monica Geller: All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
Ross Geller: Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Monica Geller: No.
Ross Geller: Oh, come on, now you know you want 'em.
Monica Geller: Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't do this.
Ross Geller: I'll tell you what Mon, I'll give you the first box for free.
Monica Geller: Oh God! I gotta go!
Ross Geller: Come on! All the cool kids are eating 'em!
unknown: nan
Gunther: And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Rachel Green: I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Joey Tribbiani: Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Rachel Green: Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
Chandler Bing: How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Rachel Green: Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
Joey Tribbiani: If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
Rachel Green: The fear?
Chandler Bing: He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Rachel Green: Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Because, I'm too afraid.
Rachel Green: I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Gunther: Rachel?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Gunther: Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
Rachel Green: Can't I just look at the handles on them?
Gunther: You would think.
Rachel Green: Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Gunther: What?!
Rachel Green: Gunther, I quit.
Chandler Bing: Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee?
