Joey Tribbiani: Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.
Chandler Bing: Wow, he looks so normal.
Phoebe Buffay: He's even kind of cute.
Joey Tribbiani: "Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.
Chandler Bing: Funniest? Heckles?
Joey Tribbiani: That's what it says.
Chandler Bing: Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Phoebe Buffay: I'd call that excessive.
Chandler Bing: Whoa!
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Chandler Bing: Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Joey Tribbiani: So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
Chandler Bing: I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Joey Tribbiani: Have you been here all night?
Chandler Bing: Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
Chandler Bing: Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Chandler Bing: What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.
Chandler Bing: How do you know that? How?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
Chandler Bing: You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I understand.
Joey Tribbiani: You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?
Chandler Bing: You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
Joey Tribbiani: Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.
Chandler Bing: Hi, it's me.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, my, god.
Phoebe Buffay: Janice? You called Janice?
Chandler Bing: Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Ross Geller: You remember Janice, right?
Chandler Bing: Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Helloo!!
Chandler Bing: Oh, my, god!
Joey Tribbiani: Geez, look how fat she got.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Hey, it's everybody.
Chandler Bing: Janice, you're--
Janice Litman Goralnik: Yes, I am.
Chandler Bing: Is it--?
Janice Litman Goralnik: Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
Chandler Bing: Congratulations.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.
Chandler Bing: You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Janice Litman Goralnik: And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.
