Rachel Green: I am. Let me just get my coat.
Monica Geller: Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Rachel Green: Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Monica Geller: Phoebe, tell her!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Rachel Green: Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
Chandler Bing: Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
Rachel Green: Ok, you win.
Monica Geller: Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
Chandler Bing: Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh huh. Why is that?
Chandler Bing: If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Monica Geller: You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler Bing: Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Rachel Green: Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Monica Geller: You are not a freak. You're a guy.
Rachel Green: She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
Chandler Bing: In a bad way?
Monica Geller: No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Rachel Green: Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Monica Geller: You made it!
Phoebe Buffay: You're there!
Rachel Green: You are ready to make a commitment!
Chandler Bing: Whoa! Don't know about that.
Rachel Green: What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Monica Geller: No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Monica Geller: That's fine.
Chandler Bing: Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
Chandler Bing: I'll take that.
Joey Tribbiani: You want his yearbook?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Monica Geller: Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
Rachel Green: It's really not that big!
Chandler Bing: Takin' that with you, huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah.
Ross Geller: You comin'?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Alison: Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
Chandler Bing: Sure.
