unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: ....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, can you dance at all?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I can dance, y'know.
Chandler Bing: Oh no, no, no, no.
Phoebe Buffay: What, what is that?
Joey Tribbiani: Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Monica Geller: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
Monica Geller: It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
Joey Tribbiani: Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
Chandler Bing: Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
Joey Tribbiani: Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
Monica Geller: Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Joey Tribbiani: The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
Chandler Bing: To yourself. Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.
Monica Geller: Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah.
Monica Geller: Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, I'm not done.
Monica Geller: All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Chandler Bing: Bye-bye.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!
Chandler Bing: What, what, what?!
Phoebe Buffay: What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
Chandler Bing: You really think that is what he meant?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.
Joey Tribbiani: Done.
