unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
Rachel Green: Right.
Chandler Bing: And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
Ross Geller: Hi.
Rachel Green: Hello.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.
Ross Geller: I'm sorry, I was an idiot.
Rachel Green: A big idiot.
Ross Geller: A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Ross Geller: Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
Gunther: Let it be me! Let it be me!
Rachel Green: Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
Ross Geller: I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Rachel Green: Where ya going?
Ross Geller: Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this afternoon.
Rachel Green: Ohh, with who?
Ross Geller: Oh, just this woman that I met last night at the party.
Rachel Green: There was a woman at the... The stripper?!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: You have a play date with a stripper?!
Chandler Bing: Man, I gotta get a kid.
Ross Geller: Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
Rachel Green: Sure, is she married?
Ross Geller: Ahh, no.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: Are you jealous?
Rachel Green: Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Ross Geller: You are totally jealous.
Rachel Green: I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
Ross Geller: Honey, I love you too.
Rachel Green: Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.
Ross Geller: What?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Huh.
Rachel Green: Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.
Chandler Bing: Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
