unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music.
Vince: Good deal.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
Rachel Green: Hi!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Vince: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Vince is a fireman.
Rachel Green: Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
Vince: 98 hot saves, highest in the force.
Chandler Bing: Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Vince: Fire safety is not a joke, son.
Chandler Bing: You're right, I know.
Vince: Look, I gotta go. I'm on call tonight. See you Saturday.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Rachel Green: Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Rachel Green: What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
Phoebe Buffay: I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Joey Tribbiani: So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Phoebe Buffay: Does a dog's lips move when he reads? Okay, no they don't.
Ross Geller: Hey guys!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Well?!
Chandler Bing: Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
Ross Geller: Well, he said there's definitely nothing to worry about, it's totally benign.
Joey Tribbiani: Well what is it?!
Ross Geller: He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Ross Geller: At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Ross Geller: Yeah, that'd be cool!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Pete's breaking up with me.
#ALL#: What?!
Monica Geller: I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Rachel Green: And?
Monica Geller: Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, that doesn't necessarily mean that he's breaking up with you.
Monica Geller: Really?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.
