unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
#ALL#: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hello!
Rachel Green: Welcome home.
Ross Geller: So, how was the honeymoon?
Monica Geller: It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you're having a baby!
Rachel Green: Oh! Look! I have a sonogram picture!
Monica Geller: Oh great!
Chandler Bing: Ross! It's got your wavy black lines!
Monica Geller: All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y'know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
Phoebe Buffay: Monica! That's not right! Start with where.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Well it happened about six weeks ago, and uh I had just got home from work and Ross was already there 'cause I guess he had been hanging out with Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: You're welcome buddy.
Ross Geller: Yeah, thanks.
Rachel Green: And so I had a lot of work to do so Ross, nice guy that he is, offered to help me out. And then we had a little wine, we got to talking, and the next thing you know out of nowhere Ross comes on to me.
Ross Geller: Umm that's...that's a little misleading.
Rachel Green: What is?
Ross Geller: The lie you just told.
Rachel Green: That-that you came on to me?
Ross Geller: There's the one!
Rachel Green: But you did! I mean, let's be honest.
Ross Geller: Yes let's. Y'know what? Uh, it's-it's not important. What is important is that, is that we're having a baby. And it's not-Doesn't matter who came on to who.
Joey Tribbiani: Whom. That's right.
Rachel Green: You know you kissed me first.
Ross Geller: What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
Rachel Green: I was sending you signals?
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Rachel Green: Oh please. Okay, anyone in this room think that I would send Ross begging symbols, please show of hands.
Ross Geller: Y'know what?! It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
Rachel Green: Okay. So these signals Ross, explain this to me, 'cause maybe I need to be more careful. I mean, am I sending you these signals right now?
Ross Geller: Y'know what? Y'know what? Rachel, just-just drop it.
Rachel Green: No please, show me how I begged you!
Ross Geller: I can show you, I have it on videotape! It's an expression.
