unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh, thank God you're here! You have to help me! Were you just talking to yourself?
Rachel Green: There I am.
Phoebe Buffay: You're gonna get pregnant.
Rachel Green: I screwed up so bad, I told Monica that I would stuff and send all these wedding invitations like weeks ago and I-I...
Ross Geller: You didn't do it?
Rachel Green: I-I know-I had put them in...in-in my desk at work and I completely forgot about them until today.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Sweetie okay. It's okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I'm fine.
Rachel Green: Kinda hurtin' my hand though.
Monica Geller: I know.
Rachel Green: I cannot believe that I did this. Especially after Monica just went on and on and on about it! "Okay Rachel! Here are the invitations Rachel! Now be very careful Rachel! Please, drinking no liquids around the invitations Rachel!" Whoa oh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh...oh-oh-oh...
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Did you do it on our invitations?!
Ross Geller: Not on the ones we sent out.
Chandler Bing: So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Can you believe this is already happening? I mean it seems like yesterday they just got engaged.
Ross Geller: I know. Hey remember...remember the night they got engaged? How uh, you and I almost...
Rachel Green: Oh, I remember how we almost. Do you think we would've gone through with it? Y'know, if we hadn't gotten caught. Do you think we would've done it?
Ross Geller: I mean I...I know I wanted to. I just, I just wasn't sure if you wanted to.
Rachel Green: Oh I wanted to.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So we...we both wanted to.
Rachel Green: Interesting.
Ross Geller: Yeah. Anyway umm, it probably worked out for the best.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, sure.
Rachel Green: Okay, in about ten seconds you're gonna see him kiss me.
Ross Geller: And in about five seconds you're gonna see why.
Rachel Green: Ross did I ever tell you about the time that I went backpacking through Western Europe?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay, get ready to see some beggin'!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you came on to Ross!
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: Now I'm so happy.
Rachel Green: What are you talking about?!
Monica Geller: You used the Europe story!
Chandler Bing: That's the magic story you use when you wanna have sex!
Rachel Green: How do you know about that story?!
Joey Tribbiani: How do you know about that story?!
Rachel Green: I heard it from my friend Irene who heard it from some guy!
Joey Tribbiani: Some guy!!
Rachel Green: No. No, she told me his name was Ken Adams.
Joey Tribbiani: Ken Adams!!
