unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know, if they knew what they were doing they probably didn't give you real names either.
Monica Geller: Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don't give out fake names.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah? Hi, Ken Adams, nice to meet you.
Phoebe Buffay: Regina Philange.
Chandler Bing: I still don't get it, we didn't do anything wrong.
Monica Geller: I know! Although, you did tell an awful lot of jokes.
Chandler Bing: I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke!
Monica Geller: Joke. Joke. Blah! Blah!
Chandler Bing: Well maybe it was all of your questions.
Monica Geller: What about my questions?
Chandler Bing: The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler!
Monica Geller: Oh, I'm sorry. Was that another joke?
Chandler Bing: Was that another question?
Rachel Green: Hey! Is Ross still here?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh no Rach, he's gone. But listen, he told us what happened and it does, it sounds like an honest mistake.
Rachel Green: Oh really? Well how would you like it if I had sex with you and I taped it? Oh forget it! Oh there he is now, the father of my child, the porn king of the west village.
Ross Geller: Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn't even watch it! Anyway, here. I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself.
Rachel Green: Thank you. What? You don't want to see this do you?
Monica Geller: Hell yeah!!!
Rachel Green: I am not gonna show you this!
Phoebe Buffay: No! Not the sex part, just the stuff leading up to it.
Ross Geller: Forget it, she's destroying it.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay fine! Fine! We'll just have to think of some other way to put the whole 'Who came onto who,' thing to rest! Come on now, think!!
Ross Geller: Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It's Rachel's tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
Rachel Green: I wanna see it.
Ross Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: Clearly you don't want people to see this tape. Now I don't want people to see this tape either, but you so badly don't people to see it makes me want to see it. You see?
Joey Tribbiani: Are we watchin' the tape or not?!
Ross Geller: I don't want people to see it for your sake.
Rachel Green: Ahh, I don't believe you. I think you don't want them to see you begging me.
Ross Geller: Rachel, please...
Rachel Green: Ah, a little preview!
Ross Geller: Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I'm gonna be saying...
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay, here we go.
Ross Geller: Hello! Can I get you anything?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm so happy!
