unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Thank you.
Isabella Rosselini: Um, coffee to go, please.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Isabella Rosselini.
Monica Geller: Are you serious? Oh my God.
Ross Geller: Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
Monica Geller: Why? 'Cause otherwise you'd go for it?
Ross Geller: Yeah, maybe.
Rachel Green: Oh-oh, you lie.
Ross Geller: What you don't think I'd go up to her?
Rachel Green: Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.
Ross Geller: Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.
Rachel Green: You know what honey, you go ahead, we'll call her an alternate.
Ross Geller: Okay, hold my crawler.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Monica Geller: Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Rachel Green: Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
Ross Geller: Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Isabella Rosselini: Aren't you with that girl over there?
Ross Geller: Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
Isabella Rosselini: I'm sorry.
Ross Geller: Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Isabella Rosselini: Yeah, for you. Is that the list?
Ross Geller: Um, yeah.
Isabella Rosselini: May I see it?
Ross Geller: Um, no.
Isabella Rosselini: Come on!
Ross Geller: But, okay.
Isabella Rosselini: I'm not on the list!
Ross Geller: Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
Isabella Rosselini: It's laminated!
Ross Geller: Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Isabella Rosselini: Y'know it's ironic...
Ross Geller: What?
Isabella Rosselini: ...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.
Ross Geller: We're just gonna be friends.
