unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
Monica Geller: No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Chandler Bing: All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Joey Tribbiani: Her what?
Chandler Bing: Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
Ross Geller: Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
Monica Geller: So, Chandler, who's on your list?
Chandler Bing: Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
Rachel Green: Now, you do realize that she's a cartoon, and way out of your league?
Chandler Bing: I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Monica, who would yours be?
Monica Geller: First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
Joey Tribbiani: It's just a game Mon. Rach, how about you?
Rachel Green: Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
Ross Geller: Spiderman?
Rachel Green: Hardy Boy.
Chandler Bing: Peter Parker.
Ross Geller: Thank you.
Rachel Green: What about you honey, who would be on your list?
Ross Geller: Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Chandler Bing: What a geek!
Phoebe Buffay: Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.
#ALL#: Oh, hi.
Phoebe Buffay: This is everybody. This is Ross.
Frank Buffay Jr.: How are you?
Ross Geller: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-hey!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: This is Monica.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Whoa!
Phoebe Buffay: And this is Rachel.
Rachel Green: Hi!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Whoa!!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm gonna get coffee.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Hey, how do you guys get anything done?
Chandler Bing: We don't, really.
Rachel Green: Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Chandler Bing: You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
Joey Tribbiani: I know.
