unknown: nan
Frank Buffay Jr.: Ow!-Ow!-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Y'know, ow!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!-Hey! What's going on?
Frank Buffay Jr.: She broke my arm.
Girl: He touched my fanny.
Frank Buffay Jr.: No, she touched mine first!
Girl: That's my job!
Frank Buffay Jr.: So wait, what's the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can't touch you?
Girl: Ewww!!!
Phoebe Buffay: You can't have sex with her!
Girl: What'd you think I was, a hooker?
Frank Buffay Jr.: No, your a masseuse, it's cool, I'm not a cop.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.
Jasmine: Fine. I don't like you!!
Phoebe Buffay: So that's what you thought I did!! God! That's not what I do!
Frank Buffay Jr.: Wait that's-that's, what that's not what you do?
Phoebe Buffay: Nooo! Why would you think that?
Frank Buffay Jr.: I don't know, I mean, y'know, this is the city y'know, I just, I mean, I don't know.
Phoebe Buffay: Whatever, it's the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
Phoebe Buffay: You really thought it was perfect?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...
Phoebe Buffay: I don't....
Frank Buffay Jr.: How-how I like to melt stuff, and how I dislike stuff that doesn't melt.
Phoebe Buffay: Right, okay, um-mm.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Yeah, y'know I feel like I can really talk to you 'cause y'know you're my sister, y'know.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I guess I do, yeah.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Then I go feel your friend up and make you mad at me.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I-I wasn't hopping mad, y'know.
Frank Buffay Jr.: You hopped a little bit. Yeah, I really sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.
Frank Buffay Jr.: This?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found ninja stars, I almost got arm broken by a hooker...
Phoebe Buffay: She wasn't a hooker.
Frank Buffay Jr.: Well, when I tell my friends about her she will be.
