unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease..." Darn it! Now, I don't know who to get to the next verse.
Ross Geller: Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease... BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about 'bah-bah-bha-bhan?'
Ross Geller: Well umm, y'know, I used to play.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, that's right, the keyboards, huh?
Ross Geller: Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Phoebe Buffay: I wanna hear "The Sound."
Ross Geller: Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
Phoebe Buffay: Come on, play that funky music white boy.
Monica Geller: Yeah!
Ross Geller: No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in-No, yeah, okay.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay, guys.
Chandler Bing: All right! Bring it on, you...
Ross Geller: Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Chandler Bing: Oh my God! Play!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Boy, that was-that was, umm... terrific.
Chandler Bing: Really, bitchin'!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow, it was so-wow!
Ross Geller: Really?! I mean, really?!!
Rachel Green: Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Ross Geller: Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Monica Geller: Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Rachel Green: Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Chandler Bing: You mean like, music?
