unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
Chandler Bing: Is that a real thing?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.
Chandler Bing: Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
Joey Tribbiani: What's up?
Chandler Bing: It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Joey Tribbiani: You do?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, you're timing couldn't be better. She's not my girlfriend anymore.
Chandler Bing: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, she broke up with me.
Chandler Bing: Oh uh, when?
Joey Tribbiani: Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
Chandler Bing: Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I've been better. But, I'm all right. So you like her huh?
Chandler Bing: Yes, but I-I uh, don't have too.
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no, no it's uh, it's okay.
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. You know why? 'Cause you came to me first.
Chandler Bing: Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
Joey Tribbiani: But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Chandler Bing: See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Joey Tribbiani: Who?
Chandler Bing: It's me. I'm the other guy.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Joey Tribbiani: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Chandler Bing: No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!! That's even worse!!
Chandler Bing: How is that worse?!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know! But it's the same!
Chandler Bing: Look, I'm sorry! But there's nothing I can do, I think I'm in love with her!
Joey Tribbiani: Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
Chandler Bing: You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Joey Tribbiani: Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Chandler Bing: Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Joey Tribbiani: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Chandler Bing: Probably because...
Joey Tribbiani: Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
