unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Ross Geller: That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
Emily Waltham: I hate you!!
Ross Geller: And, I love you!!
Jack Geller: Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Ross Geller: That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
unknown: nan
Andrea Waltham: Yes, Waltham interiors.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Andrea Waltham: Who?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Andrea Waltham: Oh my God, Phoebe.
Phoebe Buffay: No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hello? What kind of bitch hangs up on a doctor!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Monica Geller: I know. How could we have let this happen?
Chandler Bing: Seven times!
Monica Geller: Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
Chandler Bing: In a foreign, romantic country...
Monica Geller: I blame London.
Chandler Bing: Bad London!
Monica Geller: So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Chandler Bing: Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Monica Geller: Only here.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
Monica Geller: I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Chandler Bing: Okay!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Monica Geller: Now?
Rachel Green: Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Monica Geller: Oh, I-I don't know.
Rachel Green: Monica, what should I do?
Monica Geller: Just uh, do the right thing.
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!
Rachel Green: Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Monica Geller: Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realise that, I can't help you.
Rachel Green: Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me.
unknown: nan
Judy Geller: Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Stephen Waltham: Yes.
Jack Geller: Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what's up?
Joey Tribbiani: You and me, next dance?
unknown: nan
Andrea Waltham: Sweetheart, sweetheart...
Rachel Green: Yes?
Andrea Waltham: You know, we're all wondering who this Rachel is. Can you point her out to me?
Rachel Green: Oh, you know what? Rachel.. She just left.
Andrea Waltham: Oh.. Never mind. Who are you?
Rachel Green: Ra.... Er.. Barbra.
Andrea Waltham: Red Barbra?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Chandler Bing: Forget it, that's off.
Monica Geller: Why?!
Stephen Waltham: The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
Monica Geller: That's true.
Chandler Bing: The man's got a point.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh, hi!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Ross Geller: Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Ross Geller: No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Rachel Green: Right...
Ross Geller: But it absolutely didn't. It didn't!! It didn't!!
Joey Tribbiani: Ross, hey, the band's ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so...
Ross Geller: Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
Joey Tribbiani: You spit on me man!
Ross Geller: Look, I'm sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Rachel Green: Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Ross Geller: Oh, right!
Rachel Green: Get the hell out of there, y'know?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Emily? Emily? I'm coming in.
Rachel Green: Well, look at that, same thing.
