unknown: nan
Andrea Waltham: Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Phoebe Buffay: Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It's Phoebe again.
Andrea Waltham: Why?!
Phoebe Buffay: Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Andrea Waltham: Joey there's a girl on the phone for you.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh great!! Hello.
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, it's Phoebe. Did you stop Rachel?
Joey Tribbiani: No, but it's okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Phoebe Buffay: So nothing got ruined?
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
Phoebe Buffay: No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: What we did last night was....
Monica Geller: Stupid.
Chandler Bing: Totally crazy stupid.
Monica Geller: What were we thinking?
Chandler Bing: I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Monica Geller: Oh yeah. Definitely.
unknown: nan
Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
Emily Waltham: I, Emily...
Minister: Take thee Ross...
Emily Waltham: Take thee Ross...
Minister: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Emily Waltham: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.
Minister: Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
Ross Geller: I Ross...
Minister: Take thee, Emily...
Ross Geller: Take thee, Rachel... Emily. Emily.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Minister: Uhh...Shall I go on?
unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: Yes, yes, do go on.
unknown: nan
Jack Geller: He better go on for what I'm paying.
Stephen Waltham: After what he just said, you're paying for the whole bloody lot.
Minister: I think we'd better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross...
Ross Geller: I, Ross...
Minister: Take thee, EM-I-LY...
Ross Geller: Take thee, Emily. Like there'd be anybody else.
Minister: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
unknown: nan
Andrea Waltham: Looks like that might come any minute.
Ross Geller: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Minister: May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Ross Geller: Happy to.
Minister: Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
Ross Geller: Yay!
Minister: You may kiss the bride.
unknown: nan
Judy Geller: This is worse than when he married the lesbian.
unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: Just keep smiling.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, that went well. Yeah.
Chandler Bing: It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
unknown: nan
