unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute!
Ross Geller: Oh, good!
Rachel Green: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry.
Ross Geller: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.
Rachel Green: Absolutely.
Ross Geller: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge!
Rachel Green: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today?
Ross Geller: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground!
Rachel Green: Oh my God, what!?
Ross Geller: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire!
Rachel Green: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground.
Ross Geller: Be-caaauuuse...
Rachel Green: All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.
Ross Geller: Seriously?
Rachel Green: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big chunk of my hair! And it was uneven for weeks!
Ross Geller: And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!
Rachel Green: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.
Ross Geller: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!
Rachel Green: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth!
Ross Geller: Space is filled with orbiting children. Look, please, just come on, you know, when you'll see the look on Emma's face, I swear you won't regret it.
Rachel Green: All right!
Ross Geller: Good, you don't want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you?
Rachel Green: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I'll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment!
Ross Geller: Oh, yeah, that's the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings!
