unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Monica Geller: Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Monica Geller: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, so what were you thinking?
Monica Geller: Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! No.
Monica Geller: Why not?
Phoebe Buffay: Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
Monica Geller: No you're not.
Phoebe Buffay: I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
Joey Tribbiani: Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you.
Ross Geller: Hello? Hi.
Chandler Bing: Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Joey Tribbiani: Needs some clothes altered?
Chandler Bing: No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Joey Tribbiani: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Chandler Bing: Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Ross Geller: Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Rachel Green: She didn't hang up either!
Ross Geller: Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...
Rachel Green: Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
Ross Geller: Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Rachel Green: Okay!
Ross Geller: Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
Rachel Green: Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Monica Geller: Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Rachel Green: I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
Chandler Bing: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
