unknown: nan
Rachel Green: How is she?
Phoebe Buffay: It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
Ross Geller: How's the hair?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Joey Tribbiani: Can we see her?
Phoebe Buffay: Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: How're you doing?
Rachel Green: I'm okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, that bad, huh?
Rachel Green: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Rachel Green: When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
Joey Tribbiani: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Rachel Green: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Joey Tribbiani: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Rachel Green: I don't know, I don't know.
Joey Tribbiani: Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Chandler Bing: Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
Joey Tribbiani: Frankie? What're you talking about?
Ross Geller: Hey, what's goin' on?
Chandler Bing: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Chandler Bing: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Ross Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Cupping.
Joey Tribbiani: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Ross Geller: Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
Joey Tribbiani: What? That's not? Oh my God.
