unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: No way!
Monica Geller: I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
Joey Tribbiani: Um, this?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes.
Monica Geller: Guys, you got your hair cut.
Chandler Bing: Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Phoebe Buffay: 'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Rachel Green: Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
Chandler Bing: Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Rachel Green: You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes!
Ross Geller: That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
Joey Tribbiani: What up?!
Ross Geller: Everyone, this is Julie.
Rachel Green: Julie.
#ALL#: Ohh. Hi!
Julie: Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Ross Geller: And bus.
Julie: Oh my god.
Ross Geller: The screaming guy?
Julie: And the spitting?
Ross Geller: You gotta hear this story.
Julie: We're on this bus, that's easily 200 years old...
Ross Geller: 200 at least.
Julie: ...and this guy...
Rachel Green: And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
Monica Geller: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Ross Geller: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Rachel Green: Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Monica Geller: It's an expression.
Ross Geller: Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
Julie: And then we've gotta get some sleep.
Ross Geller: Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
Chandler Bing: Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Rachel Green: Bye.
