unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
Monica Geller: You're right. Maybe I shouldn't go.
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo . It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Chandler Bing: How far outside?
Monica Geller: Manhattan.
Chandler Bing: And you're thinking of taking it? So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, me, new job.
Monica Geller: I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Chandler Bing: What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
Monica Geller: Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Chandler Bing: I think you should take the job.
Monica Geller: Really?
Chandler Bing: Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Monica Geller: That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: How was the pediatrician?
Rachel Green: Oh, I really liked him. Yeah, it was really, really, really good.
Ross Geller: You promised you wouldn't say anything.
Rachel Green: I know. Ross still sees his pediatrician!!! I don't care!
Monica Geller: Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Ross Geller: He's a brilliant diagnostician!
Chandler Bing: Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?
Rachel Green: Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate doctor.
Ross Geller: Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Chandler Bing: Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?
Ross Geller: Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security blanket to college!
Chandler Bing: That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Ross Geller: It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!
