unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Chandler Bing: We're the Bings.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!
Chandler Bing: Mr. and Mrs. Bing!
Ross Geller: Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Monica Geller: What is that?
Ross Geller: Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, please! My make-up!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Nora Tyler Bing: Chandler!
Chandler Bing: Mom. Thanks for wearing something.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Judy Geller: It's lovely to meet you.
Jack Geller: So are you his mother or his father?
Judy Geller: Jack!
Jack Geller: What?! I've never seen one before!
Monica Geller: Dad! There's Ross , why don't you go talk to him?
unknown: nan
Jack Geller: I didn't even have a chance to act as though I'm okay with it!
Charles Bing: Hello all!
Chandler Bing: Hi...dad.
Monica Geller: Hi Mr....Bing.
Charles Bing: Nora!
Nora Tyler Bing: Charles.
Monica Geller: It-it's so great to see you both here.
Charles Bing: Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Nora Tyler Bing: Don't you have a little too much penis to be wearing a dress like that?
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
unknown: nan
Jack Geller: ...of course you can kick his ass son.
Judy Geller: You could kick anyone's ass you want too.
Ross Geller: Thanks you guys.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
Rachel Green: Yeah! But I don't know what he looks like!
Monica Geller: He is the man in the black dress.
Rachel Green: Man in the black dress... Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
Woman: I'm Amanda.
Rachel Green: Oh I get it! A...man...duh!
Ross Geller: Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
Jack Geller: Doctor Ross Geller.
Ross Geller: Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
#ALL#: To the Bings!
unknown: nan
