unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Phoebe Buffay: Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! Oh!
Chandler Bing: Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Monica Geller: Old?
Chandler Bing: The young hot ball and chain.
Monica Geller: That's much better.
Rachel Green: Op! We gotta go!
Ross Geller: Oh, where are you guys going?
Monica Geller: We're gonna pick up the wedding dress then we're gonna have lunch with mom.
Ross Geller: Ah. Joey you're-you're having lunch with my mom?
Joey Tribbiani: No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure!
Ross Geller: Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Chandler Bing: What's up?
Ross Geller: Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Chandler Bing: Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Ross Geller: No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Chandler Bing: But you're still my friend?
Ross Geller: Not for the next few minutes.
Chandler Bing: During this time...are you, are you still my best man?
Ross Geller: Nope.
Chandler Bing: Do I still call you Ross?
Ross Geller: Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Chandler Bing: Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Ross Geller: No problem.
Chandler Bing: So are we...friends again?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Okay. You won't believe what Monica's older brother just said to me!
