unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Are you all finished here?
Customer: Yes.
Joey Tribbiani: Great!
Gunther: Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
Joey Tribbiani: What?!
Gunther: For all the free food you gave away.
Joey Tribbiani: Well if it's free food, how come you're charging me for it?
Gunther: We don't give anything away unless it's someone's birthday.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
Gunther: No!
Joey Tribbiani: Sorry!
Jill Green: I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.
Ross Geller: Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
Jill Green: Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
Ross Geller: I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Jill Green: Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!
Phoebe Buffay: Seriously, I don't Rachel's gonna think it's a good idea.
Jill Green: So who made her queen of the world?
Phoebe Buffay: I would love that job!
Rachel Green: Hey! What's goin' on?
Jill Green: Hey!
Rachel Green: Jill! Did you shop?!
Jill Green: No! They did!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, we went shopping!
Rachel Green: You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
Phoebe Buffay: Sorry Jill.
Ross Geller: Sorry-sorry Jill.
Rachel Green: What'd you get?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh well, all right, I got thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater."
Rachel Green: Oh.
Phoebe Buffay: And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.
Rachel Green: Apartment pants?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you never heard of them?
Rachel Green: No, of course, of course I've heard of them! Ross, what did you get?
Ross Geller: Huh? Oh, I got this--this!
Rachel Green: A pajmena?
Ross Geller: Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!
Rachel Green: Really?
Ross Geller: Ross, wants a pajmena?
Ross Geller: It's a rug.
Rachel Green: Jill?
Jill Green: I'm sorry Rachel, I'm sorry...
Rachel Green: Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Jill Green: Right! But, I am sorry.
Rachel Green: All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Jill Green: She took all my stuff.
Ross Geller: Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one.
Jill Green: That's the best one! Oh my God, thank you so much!
Ross Geller: Well. Hey...
Jill Green: Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, how about you and the, "I'm sorry!"
Jill Green: Shut up! I did not sound like that at all!
Phoebe Buffay: What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
unknown: nan
Jill Green: Were you this cute in high school?
Ross Geller: Oh stop.
Jill Green: No you stop!
Ross Geller: No, you stop!
Jill Green: You stop!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay-okay, why don't I sit here and you'll both stop it!
