unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That'll be $3.85.
Woman: What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!
Joey Tribbiani: It's just I can't because my manager said I... "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
Woman: Amy!
Joey Tribbiani: "...Amy! Happy birthday to you!"
A Male Customer: Hey, that's weird, today's my birthday too!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, not it here it isn't.
Jill Green: Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Rachel Green: Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Jill Green: Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Rachel Green: That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Jill Green: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
Jill Green: Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?
Rachel Green: I just, Phoebe, said y'know thought she saw something between you guys.
Jill Green: No! I mean he's nice.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Jill Green: He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
Rachel Green: Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Jill Green: Oh no-no-no, he's just I don't know, he's just a little bookish.
Rachel Green: Are-are you saying he's a geek?
Jill Green: You think so too?
Rachel Green: No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
Jill Green: Fine, then let's just say he's not my type.
Rachel Green: What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
Jill Green: Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Rachel Green: Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
Jill Green: No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Rachel Green: Yeah but, he's not your type.
Jill Green: Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
Rachel Green: Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Jill Green: What?
Rachel Green: She-she died Jill.
