unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey does anyone have any gum?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh I do! Oh, y'know what? No. Wait a second. I know it's in here somewhere.
Ross Geller: Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
Monica Geller: Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
#ALL#: Ohh!
Chandler Bing: I'm so sorry you're sick.
Monica Geller: I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
Rachel Green: Honey, no one thinks you're a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue.
Monica Geller: I have not been sick in over three years!
Chandler Bing: I'm gonna grab you some tissue.
Monica Geller: I don't need a tissue! I'm fine-d!
Ross Geller: When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
Monica Geller: I'm fine-d. I'm fine-d! Y'know, it's a really hard word to say.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Yes?
unknown: nan
Woman: Hi, is Rachel here? I'm her sister.
Rachel Green: Oh my God, Jill!
Jill Green: Oh my God, Rachel!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh my God, introduce us!
Rachel Green: This is Chandler.
Jill Green: Hi!
Rachel Green: And you know Monica and Ross!
Ross Geller: Hi Jill.
Rachel Green: And that's Phoebe , and that's Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, how you doin'?
Rachel Green: Don't!! Honey, what are you doing here?!
Phoebe Buffay: Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
Jill Green: Daddy cut me off.
Phoebe Buffay: Never mind, I got it.
Jill Green: And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Rachel Green: Wow! What did he say?
Jill Green: That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
Rachel Green: Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Monica Geller: Rach?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
Jill Green: Okay, I bought a boat.
Monica Geller: You bought a boat?
Jill Green: Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Chandler Bing: Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
Rachel Green: Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Phoebe Buffay: Of course, yeah!
Jill Green: Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, I like cards.
