unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
Ross Geller: Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
Chandler Bing: Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Ross Geller: I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Phoebe Buffay: Hang in there, it's gonna happen.
Ross Geller: Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
Phoebe Buffay: Because she's your lobster.
Chandler Bing: Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Phoebe Buffay: C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Chandler Bing: Hey, you feelin' better?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Phoebe Buffay: So, do you have any other possibilities?
Monica Geller: Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Ross Geller: Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Monica Geller: No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Ross Geller: Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Chandler Bing: Ya know, the man's got a point.
Phoebe Buffay: What is that sparkly thing?
Chandler Bing: That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
Ross Geller: No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.
Monica Geller: Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.
