unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Phoebe Buffay: I think she's OK.
Ross Geller: Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Rachel Green: What are you, what are you doin'?
Ross Geller: Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
Man: Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.
Ross Geller: OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. You're welcome.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: I was saving you.
Rachel Green: Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Ross Geller: Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
Rachel Green: OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
Ross Geller: But, you are.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
Rachel Green: OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Ross Geller: No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Phoebe Buffay: Do the claws again.
Ross Geller: Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
Rachel Green: Ross, there is no us, OK.
Ross Geller: No, but. . .
Rachel Green: No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Ross Geller: Well, but, but. . .
Rachel Green: NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Ross Geller: E-except, except that what?
Rachel Green: No, no, ACC-cept that.
Ross Geller: Oh.
