unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.
Monica Geller: You have dinosaur checks?
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
Monica Geller: Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, Mon, what is this?
Monica Geller: Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?
Monica Geller: Hey, you got me, put it in.
Ross Geller: Oh.
Rachel Green: Hi.
Ross Geller: Hi.
Judy Geller: Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this.
Rachel Green: Oh my God.
Joey Tribbiani: What is with your nose?
Rachel Green: They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
Chandler Bing: OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Monica Geller: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Ross Geller: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
#ALL#: Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Judy Geller: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Monica Geller: Over here dad.
Ross Geller: Wait, how do you zoom out? There she is.
Joey Tribbiani: Some girl ate Monica.
Monica Geller: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Chandler Bing: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Monica Geller: Oh, you look so great.
Rachel Green: Ahh, so do you, beautiful.
Monica Geller: Oops.
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Rachel Green: Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
Ross Geller: Everybody smile.
Monica Geller: Oh, dad, turn it off.
Ross Geller: It is off.
Monica Geller: Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Ross Geller: It's the off light. Right Ross?
Joey Tribbiani: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Ross Geller: You look pretty tonight.
Rachel Green: Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Ross Geller: Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Rachel Green: Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Ross Geller: Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . .
Rachel Green: Oh, the guys are here.
Ross Geller: this summer?
Chandler Bing: Work on your music?
Rachel Green: Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.
Monica Geller: Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Rachel Green: Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
Roy: He'll be here OK, take a chill pill.
Monica Geller: I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
Rachel Green: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Monica Geller: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Roy: Oh, I'm gonna kick Chip's ass.
Judy Geller: I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
Ross Geller: Doubtful.
Judy Geller: Jack, give me that. Talk to your son.
Ross Geller: Your mother's right. Take her, you can wear my tux.
Ross Geller: Dad, she won't want to go with me.
Ross Geller: Of course she would, you're a college man.
Ross Geller: I don't know.
Ross Geller: Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?
Rachel Green: I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.
Ross Geller: OK. Hold my board.
Ross Geller: Atta boy.
Ross Geller: OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
#ALL#: No, no, no.
Ross Geller: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
Ross Geller: C'mon kid, let's go.
Judy Geller: Ahh, are you hadsome.
Ross Geller: Let's show 'em.
Ross Geller: Uh, just a sec dad. OK, be cool, just be cool. OK dad.
Ross Geller: Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no.
Chip Matthews: Bye.
Judy Geller: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Ross Geller: Press the button.
Judy Geller: Which one? Which button, Jack.
Ross Geller: The button, the button.
Monica Geller: I can't believe you did that.
Ross Geller: Yeah, well.
Phoebe Buffay: See, he's her lobster.
