unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
Joey Tribbiani: I'll take it!
Phoebe Buffay: That might work!
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! Enh? All right, what do you think?
Chandler Bing: You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
Ross Geller: No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
Joey Tribbiani: What's the matter Ross?
Ross Geller: Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Ross Geller: Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Joey Tribbiani: That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Chandler Bing: So you're really okay with this?
Ross Geller: Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Chandler Bing: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? Ow!! He's not even here!!!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You guys! You guys!
Monica Geller: We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
Rachel Green: It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
Monica Geller: And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Rachel Green: Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Joey Tribbiani: Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Rachel Green: Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Joey Tribbiani: Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
Monica Geller: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
