unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey, look at this! They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
Chandler Bing: All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Rachel Green: Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Chandler Bing: Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Rachel Green: Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Rachel Green: Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Chandler Bing: Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Rachel Green: Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
Chandler Bing: Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
unknown: nan
#ALL#: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: What's wrong Mon?
Monica Geller: Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Monica Geller: I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Rachel Green: Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Monica Geller: I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohhh!
Monica Geller: I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
Rachel Green: Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Monica Geller: I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Chandler Bing: Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
Monica Geller: That's a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Joey Tribbiani: Good enough to get fired.
Monica Geller: All right, you're hired!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Chandler Bing: Yes.
