unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: What is the matter with us?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I know what's the matter with me.
Rachel Green: No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed to be this... difficult?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know.
Chandler Bing: That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more than that?
Chandler Bing: Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide from you guys...
Rachel Green: No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
Chandler Bing: Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time.
Chandler Bing: I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
Rachel Green: Well, just because it happened that way for them doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's difficult doesn't mean that you quit.
Rachel Green: Right, totally.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
Rachel Green: Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one of those couples that never have sex.
Joey Tribbiani: That's a... pla-an.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow... I did not see this coming.
Rachel Green: I know.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what I wanted.
Rachel Green: Hmmm... Me too...
Rachel Green: I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it?
Joey Tribbiani: I guess they weren't as good friends as we are.
Rachel Green: Aah... I bet you're right.
Joey Tribbiani: So...
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: I love ya.
Rachel Green: Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, me too.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while.
