unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey sweetie!
Ross Geller: WOW!
Chandler Bing: Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
Ross Geller: I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan?
Chandler Bing: She went on one of those spray-on tan places.
Ross Geller: Eh, you got a spray-on tan?
Monica Geller: Chandler gets pedicures!
Ross Geller: Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators?
Chandler Bing: Why...why?
Ross Geller: Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean, it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one!
Chandler Bing: Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
Ross Geller: So, do you get colours or just French tips?
Monica Geller: There. Here's their card.
Ross Geller: Thanks. Hey, I know where this place is! It used to be an X-rated video... florist.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey Pheebs!
Monica Geller: Hey Phoebe!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town.
Monica Geller: I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me too! She's the worst!
Chandler Bing: Who's Amanda?
Monica Geller: She's this girl who used to live in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!"
Chandler Bing: Are you trying to do a British accent?
Monica Geller: Chandler gets pedicures!
Chandler Bing: Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect?
Phoebe Buffay: You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on the phone? "Oh, so sorry to catch you on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call me on my mo-Bile!"
Monica Geller: I know, and she's always bragging about all the famous people she's met.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel". All right, who hasn't?
Monica Geller: Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't wanna see her!!
Phoebe Buffay: Ugh, Let's just cut her out!
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and dodge her 'till she gets the point!
Monica Geller: Oh, I guess we could try that, but... it seems so harsh! Have you ever done that?
Chandler Bing: No, had it done to me though. Feels good !
