unknown: nan
Charlie Wheeler: Oh! That feels sooo good!
Rachel Green: Oh, lucky me! Coffee and a live sex show!
Charlie Wheeler: I'm sorry, what?
Rachel Green: Oh... Oh, I'm sorry! I'm not... I was just-I was just reading to Emma.
Charlie Wheeler: From... Cosmo??
Rachel Green: Yeah, yeah... It's... "climax your way to better skin".
Charlie Wheeler: So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out clothes!
Joey Tribbiani: So you need someone who knows fashion, to tell you what looks good.
Rachel Green: Not me, not me, not me, not me, not me!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey Rach!
Rachel Green: Yeah...
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe you could take Charlie shopping.
Rachel Green: Oh, well...
Charlie Wheeler: I'm sure you have better things to do.
Joey Tribbiani: Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
Charlie Wheeler: If you have the time, I'd really appreciate the help.
Rachel Green: Ok, uh-uh... Let's-Let's shop!!
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, great! All right, bye! Pain in the ass!! That's off, right?
Joey Tribbiani: What's the matter, Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!
Rachel Green: Which you're not, because you've totally hung up on him!
Phoebe Buffay: Exactly!
Rachel Green: And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!
Phoebe Buffay: I didn't even think about that! Aaargh, sexual politics!!
Rachel Green: Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, that'll be great!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
Rachel Green: That's not what we're gonna do!
Joey Tribbiani: Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face!
Monica Geller: Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Chandler Bing: Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
Doctor Connelly: Hi there.
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hi.
Doctor Connelly: I'm sorry there wasn't better news from your test last week but I wanted to talk to you about your options.
Monica Geller: Ok.
Doctor Connelly: Above all, even though your chances of conceiving through natural means aren't great, you never know! So, keep having sex on a regular basis.
Chandler Bing: Oh, DAMN IT!
Monica Geller: Don't worry, after a while he'll tune it out.
Doctor Connelly: Ok, given your situation, the options with the greatest chances for success would be surrogacy, or insemination using a sperm donor.
Monica Geller: Ok.
Doctor Connelly: And, of course, if you feel that neither of those is right for you, you can always adopt.
Chandler Bing: Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
