unknown: nan
Shop Assistant: Incentive For Men?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I'll take some of that.
Rachel Green: Pheebs, that's for men!
Phoebe Buffay: No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!
Charlie Wheeler: So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think those would be?
Rachel Green: On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.
Charlie Wheeler: See, I told you I needed someone! Oh, you know, by the way, as a "thank you", I would really love to take you out.
Rachel Green: Really?
Charlie Wheeler: Yeah! Actually Joey and I are going to the movies tonight, wanna come?
Rachel Green: Oh, I can't. Because I-I've seen them.
Charlie Wheeler: You've seen all the movies...
Rachel Green: Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Rach, will you come with me to a dressing room?
Rachel Green: Sure!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok!
Charlie Wheeler: Wha, you know, maybe we can do something else!
Rachel Green: You know that depends on what it is! I've done a lot of stuff.
Phoebe Buffay: So what were you doing out there, do you not like Charlie?
Rachel Green: She's ok, I just don't get a really good vibe from her!
Phoebe Buffay: Why?
Rachel Green: I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swept Joey off his feet... I mean, nobody else has a chance!
Phoebe Buffay: Who else?
Rachel Green: Anybody! You, me, you know, Monica's mom...
Phoebe Buffay: You like Joey?
Rachel Green: Shhhhh! Phoebe! All right, look. I have a little thing for him.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!
Rachel Green: It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, sometimes I just get a little jealous!
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, wow! Isn't it ironic that he liked you and now you like him?
Rachel Green: Oh, I get it!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.
Rachel Green: I know, I know, so it is just not a big deal.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: So can we keep this between us?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure!
Rachel Green: Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of beets is killing me!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Phoebe Buffay: Any chance Charlie has a deaf twin?
