unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: David?
David: Phoebe! Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!
David: Wow, you look unbelievable.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. What-what are you doing here?
David: Well, I'm back from Minsk... permanently.
Phoebe Buffay: What happened?
David: Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah?
David: Well, after eight years of research I discovered that it can't be done.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, it's great that you're back! How are you?
David: Good, good, life is good...
Phoebe Buffay: Good!
David: Ah well, I-I'm seeing someone.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, good for you.
David: She's also a scientist, so she's very smart and pretty and... well, it's actually because of you, really, that we're together, I mean, I saw what you had with that Mike guy, and I just said "Boy, I want that".
Phoebe Buffay: Mike and I broke up.
David: You're kidding me. Because I'm not seeing anybody, I've just totally made that up.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?
David: Yeah, I don't know why, I'm sorry, I guess I just didn't want to lose face.
Phoebe Buffay: I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!
David: Yeah, I know. Well... this is probably a stupid question, seeing that you look like that, but do you have some place that you need to be right now?
Phoebe Buffay: Well... no.
David: Do you wanna get a drink?
Phoebe Buffay: I'd love to.
David: Great.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok.
David: Do you smell beets?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, got it, stay upwind of me.
Charlie Wheeler: Hey, there's Phoebe! Is that Mike she's with?
Rachel Green: No, that's David.
Charlie Wheeler: There's a third guy?
Rachel Green: Tip of the iceberg.
Zack: I'm gonna take off now. You're gonna let me go home, aren't you?
Chandler Bing: You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer?
Zack: No, no, I should get home, I'm kinda tired.
Chandler Bing: Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
Zack: No it's just tiring having to figure out the age at which all my grandparents died. I'll see you tomorrow.
Chandler Bing: Ok.
Chandler Bing: I think we've found our sperm!
Monica Geller: Does seem pretty perfect.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him?
Monica Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
Monica Geller: No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, he's better!
Monica Geller: No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.
Chandler Bing: Really? Are you sure?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I'm sure.
Chandler Bing: Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
Monica Geller: That is so sweet. I love you.
Chandler Bing: So you know this leaves us with...
Monica Geller: Adoption.
Chandler Bing: How do you feel about that?
Monica Geller: I think I feel ok about it. Actually I think I feel really good about it.
Chandler Bing: Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
Monica Geller: So this is it, we're really gonna adopt?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, we're gonna be parents!
Chandler Bing: We are gonna be great parents.
Monica Geller: And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there our baby could be being conceived.
Chandler Bing: Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey, Zack!
Zack: Hey Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
Zack: No you didn't.
Chandler Bing: Really?
Zack: No you did.
Chandler Bing: My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
Jeanette: Here are the boards for Friday's pitch .
Zack: Oh, thank you.
Chandler Bing: You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
