Chandler Bing: So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Joey Tribbiani: No plans, huh?
Chandler Bing: Not a one.
Ross Geller: Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?
Chandler Bing: Oh, right, right, shut up.
Monica Geller: Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Chandler Bing: No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Joey Tribbiani: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
Phoebe Buffay: You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
Chandler Bing: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Phoebe Buffay: No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Ross Geller: Tony?
Monica Geller: Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Rachel Green: Does anybody want anything else?
Ross Geller: Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Phoebe Buffay: What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Rachel Green: It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Ross Geller: That guy, he burns me up.
Rachel Green: Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Monica Geller: Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh, uh-huh.
unknown: nan
Angela Delveccio: Hi, Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: My god, Angela.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you gonna go over there?
Joey Tribbiani: No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
Angela Delveccio: Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: You look good.
Angela Delveccio: That's because I'm wearing a dress that accents my boobs.
Joey Tribbiani: You don't say.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Rachel Green: Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Ross Geller: Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Rachel Green: Who?
Ross Geller: Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Rachel Green: Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Ross Geller: Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Rachel Green: Sure.
unknown: nan
Angela Delveccio: Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.
Joey Tribbiani: Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Angela Delveccio: Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Joey Tribbiani: Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Angela Delveccio: Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Angela Delveccio: We're just friends.
Joey Tribbiani: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Angela Delveccio: What four of us?
Joey Tribbiani: You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
