unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
#ALL#: Hi! Hey!
Rachel Green: Do you guys know any cute guys?
Chandler Bing: Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Rachel Green: Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
Monica Geller: What's the charity?
Rachel Green: I don't know, something either trees or disease-Ralph mumbles a lot.
Monica Geller: Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
Rachel Green: Yeah! It's weird. But the thing is need to find a date.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Rachel Green: Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Chandler Bing: So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh! So close.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey everybody!
#ALL#: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Stevens: Oh hi!
#ALL#: Hi!
Elizabeth Stevens: I'm the student.
Chandler Bing: Isn't she cute? No!
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Elizabeth Stevens: Oh, we're not together.
Ross Geller: Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, sly.
Elizabeth Stevens: Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. I'll see you later?
#ALL#: Okay!
Elizabeth Stevens: Bye Ross.
Ross Geller: Bye.
unknown: nan
Elizabeth Stevens: Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.
Ross Geller: Oh that is quite all right ma'am.
Chandler Bing: So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Ross Geller: Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Chandler Bing: Oh, tell her good luck with that.
Ross Geller: Anyone else? Huh? Bring 'em on!
Rachel Green: Oo! When's her birthday?!
Ross Geller: I don't know Rachel, why?
Rachel Green: Well, y'know it's just been so long since I've been to Chuckie Cheese.
Monica Geller: Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Ross Geller: Well thanks!
Monica Geller: Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Ross Geller: Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Monica Geller: Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Ross Geller: Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
