unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Monica Geller: All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
Rachel Green: All right.
Chandler Bing: Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Rachel Green: Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Chandler Bing: Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay sure!
Joey Tribbiani: Really?!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Joey Tribbiani: Call it even?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Ross Geller: Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Joey Tribbiani: Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Chandler Bing: You know the hotels?
Joey Tribbiani: Sure! I was there! Spring Break '81! Woo-hoo!
Monica Geller: In 1981 you were 13!
Joey Tribbiani: So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Ross Geller: Okay, she can't go.
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, you can't tell her not to go. You just started dating.
Ross Geller: Then what am I supposed to do?
Phoebe Buffay: Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
Ross Geller: Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Chandler Bing: Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
