unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow!
Joey Tribbiani: What is the matter with you?!
Phoebe Buffay: No! Barry and Mindy.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. Who-who's Barry and Mindy?
Rachel Green: Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh-oh, wasn't he cheating on you with her?
Rachel Green: Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Monica Geller: Why did they get divorced?
Rachel Green: Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Ross Geller: I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Phoebe Buffay: Which time?
Ross Geller: The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't. I keep seeing it the good way.
Ross Geller: I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
Chandler Bing: Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
Monica Geller: And what if I was still fat? Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
Chandler Bing: Sure I would!
#ALL#: Oh yeah! Come on! Yeah right!
Chandler Bing: What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
Ross Geller: No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
Chandler Bing: What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
Phoebe Buffay: What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
Ross Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: Merrill Lynch?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Rachel Green: Well why didn't you take the job?
Phoebe Buffay: Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Ross Geller: Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
