unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
Monica Geller: He's not boring! He's just-he's just low key.
Monica's Boyfriend: Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.
Monica Geller: Thanks.
Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y'know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it's a seed.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow!!
Monica's Boyfriend: Can anyone else name a well known seed that's been masquerading as a nut?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh dear God, let me think.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Monica Geller: Oh no! What's the matter?
Chandler Bing: Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Monica's Boyfriend: Y'know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.
Monica Geller: Okay.
Monica's Boyfriend: Okay.
Monica Geller: Bye.
Monica's Boyfriend: Bye-bye. Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut.
Chandler Bing: Was his question what's more boring than him?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Chandler Bing: Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Chandler Bing: Ehh.
Monica Geller: Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Joey Tribbiani: That's an idea! Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
Monica Geller: No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Joey Tribbiani: That's great! That would be great! Let's do that!
Chandler Bing: I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
Chandler Bing: Okay!
Joey Tribbiani: All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don't need any assistance in there, take a break!
Chandler Bing: All right!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey Phoebe! Guess what?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Monica Geller: Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey Mon!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: Mon, look who I ran into!
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Rachel!! You look terrific!
Rachel Green: Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight?
Monica Geller: You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
Ross Geller: And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah.
Ross Geller: And that's Phoebe over there!
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
Ross Geller: 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. Right. So now, are-do you, do you still do music?
Ross Geller: Sometimes, you should come over sometime! I'll play you one of my other...
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!
Monica Geller: Rach, he's a friend of ours.
Rachel Green: You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
Chandler Bing: Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
Ross Geller: Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!
Rachel Green: He's coming over! He's coming over!
Monica Geller: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: I know, here-here!!
Monica Geller: Ohhh! No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
Rachel Green: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Joey Tribbiani: Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
Rachel Green: Ah!
Joey Tribbiani: She's not crazy is she?
Monica Geller: No.
Joey Tribbiani: So uh, how you doin'?
