Chandler Bing: OK, so now we draw cards.
Monica Geller: So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Rachel Green: Oh, good for you!
Phoebe Buffay: Congratulations!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Phoebe Buffay: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Ross Geller: No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can'tyou can't do...
Rachel Green: Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here!
Ross Geller: No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Rachel Green: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Ross Geller: Oh, you're...
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Phoebe Buffay: OOooooo!
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
Chandler Bing: OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Monica Geller: Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
Ross Geller: Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
Phoebe Buffay: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
Chandler Bing: OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Dammit, dammit, dammit!
Phoebe Buffay: : Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
Joey Tribbiani: About what?
Phoebe Buffay: About how good your cards were.
Joey Tribbiani: Heh... I was bluffing.
Phoebe Buffay: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Rachel Green: OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
Guys: Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Chandler Bing: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Rachel Green: Settle what?
Chandler Bing: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Ross Geller: The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Rachel Green: Oh. Right.
Joey Tribbiani: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Monica Geller: Hell no, we'll pay!
Phoebe Buffay: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Monica Geller: And you know what? We want a rematch.
Ross Geller: Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Rachel Green: : So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Ross Geller: ...Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Ross Geller: Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
Joey Tribbiani: ...Yeah?
Ross Geller: I'm not a nice guy.
