unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Chandler Bing: Games and stuff.
Monica Geller: There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
Joey Tribbiani: Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?
Monica Geller: There's an ad for a naked chef?
Joey Tribbiani: No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then...
Ross Geller: Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?
Ross Geller: That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Monica Geller: Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
Ross Geller: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Joey Tribbiani: You got all that from saline solution?
Monica Geller: We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.
Ross Geller: Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Rachel Green: Hey, you.
Ross Geller: How are you?
Rachel Green: Good. How are you?
Ross Geller: Good.
Julie: Hi, honey.
Ross Geller: Hi, Julie. Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
Julie: Good.
Ross Geller: Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, well, actually.
Ross Geller: Play it.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, all right.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.
Julie: What?
Ross Geller: Ssshh.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
Phoebe Buffay: There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
