unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
Ross Geller: sure.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you. Can you believe no-one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me?
Ross Geller: people so why you all dressed up.
Phoebe Buffay: oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
Ross Geller: oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
Phoebe Buffay: oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
Ross Geller: you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
Phoebe Buffay: yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
Ross Geller: but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
Phoebe Buffay: I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy well what about ok well there's gotta be someone.
Ross Geller: There isn't that's what I'm saying.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my god you're right.
Ross Geller: I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
Phoebe Buffay: I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god what's wrong with me.
Ross Geller: no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
Phoebe Buffay: I wanna get married.
Ross Geller: please don't cry because of me pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
Phoebe Buffay: least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross.
Mike Hannigan: Phoebe what's wrong?
Phoebe Buffay: nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa.
Ross Geller: I'm sorry I didn't catch.
Mike Hannigan: its Mike Hanagen.
Ross Geller: Oh Ross Geller.
Mike Hannigan: Hey, so are you sure your ready to go.
Phoebe Buffay: uh huh how do I look.
Ross Geller: do you have a compact in your purse?
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Ross Geller: you look great.
