unknown: nan
Rachel Green: well watching sharks? Are you sure that's what he was doing?
Monica Geller: : do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
Rachel Green: man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
Monica Geller: : what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Rachel Green: Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
Monica Geller: : Eww are you talking about my bother.
Rachel Green: yeah I didn't disguise that very well did i.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
Rachel Green: so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
Joey Tribbiani: well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
Monica Geller: : But you don't remember sleeping with her.
Joey Tribbiani: yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
Rachel Green: what, how do we know, we never slept with you.
Joey Tribbiani: and who's fault is that.
Monica Geller: : what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night.
Joey Tribbiani: HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
Monica Geller: : Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
Rachel Green: yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
Joey Tribbiani: Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it OH SALT BLOATY!
Monica Geller: : Joey, Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Monica Geller: : you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
Joey Tribbiani: No. wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
