unknown: nan
Bandleader: Thank you very much! Ladies and gentlemen, it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you for the very first time, Mr. and Mrs. Chandler Bing!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Before we go out there I've got a present for ya.
Monica Geller: Honey, I'm going to put my hand in your pocket!
Chandler Bing: No?
Monica Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: I've been taking dancing lessons.
Monica Geller: What?!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
Monica Geller: Oh that is so sweet!
Chandler Bing: So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Monica Geller: Yes.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What's the matter?
Chandler Bing: I don't know, it's these new shoes, they're all slippery.
Monica Geller: Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Chandler Bing: Not well.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Well, the good news is, I don't think anyone's looking at us.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So, are you ready to talk about it?
Rachel Green: No.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Now?
Rachel Green: No!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, we'll talk about something else then.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Phoebe Buffay: Who's the father?!
Rachel Green: Ugh! Look honey y'know what? I haven't told him yet, so until I do I don't think I should tell anybody else.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. That's fine. That's fair. Is it Tag?
Rachel Green: Phoebe!!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I'm sorry. I'll stop.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Is it Ross? It's Ross isn't it-Oh my God, it's Joey!
Rachel Green: Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.
Phoebe Buffay: Ah-hah! At least we know it's a him.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh sweet Lord.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it's either this or a bathrobe! Look, what's more important, the way I'm dressed or me being with you on your special day?
Monica Geller: Honey, I'm not even going to pretend I was listening. Hey! Hey!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hi. I'm uh, I'm Ross. I don't, I don't believe we've met. I'm Monica's older brother.
Woman: Oh hi, I'm, I'm Mona from her restaurant.
Ross Geller: Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Mona: You think so? I've always kinda hated it.
Ross Geller: Aw come on, Mona Lisa?
Mona: Uh-huh.
Ross Geller: Mona umm...Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she's uh-well she's dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
Mona: Really?! Well see? I never knew about her.
Ross Geller: Linda Clickclocken. So what uh, what-what table are you at? Oh, uh me too.
Mona: Oh good. Now there'll be someone there who likes my name.
Ross Geller: Yes there will. Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you've just been bumped up to table one. And if it's all right with you I'm gonna take your place at table six-Martin Clickclocken.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it.
unknown: nan
Nora Tyler Bing: Chandler darling! Look, my date has finally arrived. I'd like you to meet Dennis Phillips.
Dennis Phillips: Congratulations.
Chandler Bing: Thank you.
Nora Tyler Bing: Dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.
Chandler Bing: Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.
Dennis Phillips: Oh, I'm so sorry I missed the ceremony, I was stuck at auditions.
Nora Tyler Bing: Oh yes, Dennis is directing a new Broadway show.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't believe we've met, Joey Tribbiani.
Dennis Phillips: Dennis Phillips
Joey Tribbiani: Wow, I've admired your work for years. You-you've done some really amazing stuff.
Dennis Phillips: Oh, thank you. Well if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go get myself a drink. Be back in a moment.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow Dennis Phillips! That's great! How did you guys meet?
Nora Tyler Bing: Well, it's a funny story.
Chandler Bing: Funny: Ha-Ha Or Funny
unknown: nan
Bandleader: Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your seats, dinner will be served.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Mona: No, nine.
Ross Geller: Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way which uh, which was misleading. Well I'm... Hello.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? 'Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would've done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that's just for ugly people.
Chandler Bing: What size shoes do you wear?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Chandler Bing: Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, I don't even really know where I left those. Sorry.
Chandler Bing: Those aren't eleven and a half.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay fine! I'm a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I'll show ya!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant?!
Rachel Green: Oh y'know what honey? Let's not talk about that right now?
Monica Geller: This is so huge.
Rachel Green: Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?
Monica Geller: Of course not nothing is. Between me and you...
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Monica Geller: ...in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Rachel Green: Hey! Y'know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they're supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!
Monica Geller: How?
Rachel Green: I don't know! Maybe they have tools.
Monica Geller: Well I-I talked to and uh, she's definitely going to have this baby. Y'know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Rachel Green: Well, maybe that's, maybe that's really brave.
Monica Geller: Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it's gonna be.
Rachel Green: Maybe she hasn't really thought it through that well.
Monica Geller: Well, there's a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she's not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Rachel Green: I don't know.
Monica Geller: Are you okay?
Rachel Green: Uh-hmm. I'm just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.
Waiter: Champagne?
Rachel Green: Oh yes! Thank you very much! Oh that's-that's actually how the French drink it.
unknown: nan
