Ross Geller: Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: Hi.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Ross Geller: Really.
Rachel Green: No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Ross Geller: Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Rachel Green: Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Ross Geller: Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Rachel Green: Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Ross Geller: Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi.
Ross Geller: ...Gets interrupted. Hi!
Rachel Green: Hi, how was the movie?
Monica Geller: Wonderful!
Phoebe Buffay: So good!
Joey Tribbiani: Suck-fest.
Chandler Bing: Toootal chick-flick.
Phoebe Buffay: I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Monica Geller: There was nudity!
Joey Tribbiani: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
Monica Geller: Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Ross Geller: Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
Chandler Bing: They're still just friends, right?
Rachel Green: And I will see you tomorrow!
Ross Geller: That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
Monica Geller: Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Ross Geller: 'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
