Ross Geller: I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
Rachel Green: I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Ross Geller: No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Rachel Green: Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
Intercom: Animal Control.
Rachel Green: See? I've even called Animal Control!
Ross Geller: You called Animal Control?
Rachel Green: Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Ross Geller: Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
Rachel Green: O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Ross Geller: That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi, thanks for coming.
Luisa Gianetti: Somebody called about a monkey?
Rachel Green: Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
Ross Geller: Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Rachel Green: Turned out it was a hat.
Ross Geller: Cat!
Rachel Green: Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Luisa Gianetti: Marcel?
Ross Geller: My uncle Marcel.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Luisa Gianetti: Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Monica Geller: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, but there isn't always time!
Monica Geller: Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Luisa Gianetti: Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Luisa Gianetti: Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
Rachel Green: Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Monica Geller: The Luisa from home room!
Rachel Green: Yes!!
Luisa Gianetti: You have no idea who I am, do you.
Monica Geller: No, none at all.
Rachel Green: None.
Luisa Gianetti: Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Monica Geller: Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Luisa Gianetti: Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Rachel Green: What?!
Monica Geller: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Luisa Gianetti: I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.
Phoebe Buffay: Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Marcel?
Joey Tribbiani: Marcel?
Chandler Bing: Marcel?
Joey Tribbiani: Marcel?
unknown: nan
Woman No. 1: Hi, can I help you?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Joey Tribbiani: A monkey.
Chandler Bing: Yes have you seen any?
Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Joey Tribbiani: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
Woman No. 1: Of course.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Then, no.
unknown: nan
Woman No. 2: Did I put too much rum in here?
unknown: nan
Woman No. 1: Just a sec. Hope you find your monkey.
Chandler Bing: Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Chandler Bing: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Joey Tribbiani: We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Joey Tribbiani: Marcel?
Chandler Bing: Marcel?!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Marcel?
Monica Geller: Marcel?
Phoebe Buffay: Marcel?
Both: Marcel?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh-my-God!
Monica Geller: Whaaat!
Phoebe Buffay: Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Monica Geller: What is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Look, Phoebe!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!
unknown: nan
Luisa Gianetti: Step aside, ladies!
Monica Geller: What're you gonna do?
Luisa Gianetti: Just a small tranquiliser.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! Are you okay?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, think so. Oh! Huh. Whoah.
Monica Geller: Oh gosh.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Marcel?
Rachel Green: Marcel?
Ross Geller: Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Rachel Green: Ross, you don't know that.
Ross Geller: Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Rachel Green: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Rachel Green: Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Ross Geller: Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Rachel Green: Ross.
Ross Geller: I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...
Rachel Green: Ross.
Ross Geller: Oh, forget it, okay?
Rachel Green: Ross!
Ross Geller: What? What?
unknown: nan
Both: Hey! Hey, Bananaman!
