unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Rachel Green: Okay!
Monica Geller: Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Monica Geller: Hey Rach, what about this? Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Rachel Green: What the hell is that?
Monica Geller: I don't know. Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
Rachel Green: Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
Monica Geller: Something to remember me by!
Rachel Green: Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Monica Geller: But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Rachel Green: Are you okay? You're not blinking.
Monica Geller: I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
Rachel Green: Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
Monica Geller: An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
Rachel Green: What is the matter with you?!
Monica Geller: What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Rachel Green: All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
Monica Geller: What's hard to believe?
Rachel Green: Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
Monica Geller: Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Rachel Green: But I...
Monica Geller: No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Rachel Green: It is? Really?
Monica Geller: Yeah, sweetie.
Rachel Green: I mean we're not, we're not gonna live together anymore?
Monica Geller: No.
Rachel Green: What? Oh my God! I'm gonna miss you so much!
Monica Geller: I'm gonna miss you!
Rachel Green: I mean it's the end of an era!
Monica Geller: I know!
