unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Pheebs!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey, have you seen Rachel?
Phoebe Buffay: No, why?
Monica Geller: I have some pretty exciting news!
Phoebe Buffay: You're pregnant!
Monica Geller: No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey! Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: What's up?
Monica Geller: Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Ross Geller: Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great.
Phoebe Buffay: Guys, I'm happy too.
Monica Geller: Okay, come here!
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled...
Monica Geller: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Ross Geller: Bye.
Phoebe Buffay: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Ross Geller: Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Ross Geller: No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Ross Geller: Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Ross Geller: What?! Why?
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Ross Geller: And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross.
