unknown: nan
Ross Geller: ...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
Stephanie: Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, what about you? Wouldn't you want a date?
Karin: Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Phoebe Buffay: Whatever! What about you Meg?
Meg: Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
Ross Geller: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
Ross Geller: This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
Ross Geller: We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
Ross Geller: Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Ross Geller: Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Meg: Okay now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Karin: I am so attracted to him right now.
