unknown: nan
Monica Geller: I hope Ross isn't too upset.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sure he's not more bummed out than I am.
Phoebe Buffay: Tell me about it.
Chandler Bing: Well, you can't say we don't know how to throw a party.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I think I'm gonna head out.
Monica Geller: Uh, where do you think you're going?
Phoebe Buffay: I thought I was going home to go to bed, but I'm sensing there's something less fun for me to do here.
Monica Geller: We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys could pitch in.
Chandler Bing: Joey and I can finish up in the guest room.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, yeah, good idea.
Monica Geller: Oh no! You and Phoebe are gonna help me in here.
Chandler Bing: You couldn't be cool.
Monica Geller: Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a box. The silverware gets bundled in rubber bands and then bubble wrapped. Got it?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only because you are doing it wrong.
Chandler Bing: Hey Mon, I think I figured out whose handcuffs they are.
Monica Geller: You did? How?
Chandler Bing: Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Let me see.
Joey Tribbiani: Who's that dirty old lady?
Chandler Bing: Monica's grandmother.
Monica Geller: Nana liked it rough!
Erica: Hi!
#ALL#: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on here, have a seat.
Phoebe Buffay: How was your night?
Erica: Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place that had... Ooh... Hoo... ooh... Anyway, they had these really amazing cheeseburgers.
Monica Geller: Erica, are you okay?
Erica: Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these stomach aches. They come and go like every few minutes.
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Chandler Bing: Relax! We just get her some antacids.
Monica Geller: She doesn't have a stomach ache, she's in labor.
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you got to get to the hospital.
Monica Geller: All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're gonna have a baby. All right. We're gonna have a baby! OH MY GOD, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY! Oh God, oh God, I got to sit down, I got to sit down. Ooh!
Chandler Bing: Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Erica: You can do this. Just breathe.
Monica Geller: Okay, okay... Okay, I feel a little better.
Erica: Ooh! Are you sure?
Monica Geller: Oh... Yes, I'm sure. Oh honey, let's go. Okay bye everyone.
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, wait, wait, wait...
Chandler Bing: What?
Joey Tribbiani: If you get a second, find out where she got that cheeseburger.
