unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey! Where's Mike?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.
Ross Geller: Yeah? Yeah, where is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he's playing organ for a children's roller-skating party.
Ross Geller: Rock on! Phoebe : Wow, this is quite a spread! What is all this stuff?
Monica Geller: Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So, enjoy: smoke oyster casserole with a breakfast cereal crust, kidney beans in their own juices, and for dessert, a questionable orange.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey, where's Rach?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, she's putting Emma down, she'll be over in a second.
Ross Geller: Great.
Joey Tribbiani: Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
#ALL#: Hey Rach, hey you.
Ross Geller: Here she is!
Rachel Green: Hi you guys!
Joey Tribbiani: What did I just say?
Rachel Green: No, no, no. It's ok. I'm gonna be fine.
Monica Geller: Come here, I'll make you a drink.
Ross Geller: Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?
Chandler Bing: I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place!
Joey Tribbiani: You know, I had a chance to stop her too!
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose. Wait a minute...
Chandler Bing: Yes, Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning!
Phoebe Buffay: You doing ok?
Rachel Green: Well, I've been better.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-hmm.
Rachel Green: You guys are gonna come and visit me, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally again!
Rachel Green: I'm gonna miss you so much.
Phoebe Buffay: I know.
Rachel Green: You know what? Uhm, I have some goodbye stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna save it until the end of the night, but come here .
Ross Geller: Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?
Joey Tribbiani: Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
