unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Well, this is just as boring in England.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. Sorry!
Chandler Bing: No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too.
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Monica Geller: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Sh-shh-shh!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Fergie: Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, Chandler.
Fergie: Hi Chandler!
Chandler Bing: That's... That's was...
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: That's Fergie baby!!
Fergie: Joey says you don't really like his hat, but I think it's kinda dashing.
Joey Tribbiani: So, I hear you're single now...
Fergie: Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
Chandler Bing: How did you? How? How?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Monica Geller: Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Ross Geller: Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Monica Geller: Umm...
Chandler Bing: I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Joey Tribbiani: Wait up!
Ross Geller: Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Monica Geller: She said that?!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Why?!
Ross Geller: I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Monica Geller: Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
Ross Geller: Excuse me?
Monica Geller: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Ross Geller: I don't know. A month?
Monica Geller: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross Geller: I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Monica Geller: Sometimes we were.
Ross Geller: Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Monica Geller: Okay.
Ross Geller: Come on.
Chandler Bing: That was pretty intense huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Chandler Bing: I hope he did!
