unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: All right, I'm off to see your dad.
Ross Geller: Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
Rachel Green: Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Chandler Bing: Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Ross Geller: Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
Rachel Green: I don't know. Y'know, they didn't get us anything.
Ross Geller: Thank you!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Well hello! So, when are we gettin' back out on the water matey?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh uh, I don't know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
Rachel Green: Why not?
Joey Tribbiani: Because! You're mean on the boat!
Rachel Green: What? I was just trying to teach you.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Ross Geller: Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
Rachel Green: Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
Ross Geller: You have to respect the sea!
Rachel Green: Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Joey Tribbiani: Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Rachel Green: Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Joey Tribbiani: Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
Joey Tribbiani: Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Rachel Green: All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Joey Tribbiani: You won't boss me around anymore?
Rachel Green: I won't boss you around.
Joey Tribbiani: And you'll be nice?
Rachel Green: And, I'll be nice.
Joey Tribbiani: And you'll be topless?
Rachel Green: And-Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Do you want me to learn?!
