unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Chandler Bing: That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
Monica Geller: If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
Rachel Green: Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
Monica Geller: Oh, I already have one.
Phoebe Buffay: Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
Rachel Green: Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.
Monica Geller: Hey, I know I what I want!
Chandler Bing: What we want honey.
Monica Geller: No, you don't want this. I want to have your grandmother's cookie recipe.
Phoebe Buffay: You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
Monica Geller: Uh-huh, yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Chandler Bing: Dying people say the craziest things.
Monica Geller: I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Phoebe Buffay: Break my heart-Oh, all right.
Monica Geller: Okay. I'm gonna be the mom that makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
Chandler Bing: Our kids are gonna be fat aren't they.
Joey Tribbiani: Ahoy!
Chandler Bing: Hey! How's the boat?!
Joey Tribbiani: Great! I'm finally getting into this sailing stuff.
Monica Geller: Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
Phoebe Buffay: If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
Chandler Bing: Well, it's good that you finally have a place to do that.
Rachel Green: Y'know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
Joey Tribbiani: You could?
Rachel Green: Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
Phoebe Buffay: Your own boat?
Rachel Green: What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
