unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh yeah.
Rachel Green: Right?
Joey Tribbiani: Nope.
Rachel Green: It's left sweetie, but that's okay sweetie, that's a tough one.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know why you just don't say left.
Rachel Green: Okay, go to the left. The left!
Joey Tribbiani: Huh?
Rachel Green: Just sit over there!!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay! Okay, you're yelling again! See that?
Rachel Green: No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side.
Rachel Green: Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn't know there.
Rachel Green: Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Rachel Green: No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Joey Tribbiani: All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
Rachel Green: What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
Joey Tribbiani: Why not?!
Rachel Green: Because you're not finished yet and I won't have it! Greens do not quit!
Joey Tribbiani: Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Rachel Green: Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Rachel Green: No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, hey I did learn.
Rachel Green: Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Come on.
Rachel Green: Awww...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Rachel Green: Left.
Joey Tribbiani: Damnit!
