unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Do you know what I was thinkin'?
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: Nothing, I just like to go like this.
Ross Geller: Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?
Chandler Bing: Uh why, do you have a lecture?
Ross Geller: No, why?
Chandler Bing: Then free as a bird. What's up?
Ross Geller: My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Monica Geller: Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
Ross Geller: Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
Chandler Bing: Well, did-did you correct him?
Ross Geller: No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
Monica Geller: This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Ross Geller: Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Monica Geller: Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: He hates to lose.
Chandler Bing: Oh no problem, maybe I'll play with my left hand.
Ross Geller: You're not a lefty?
Chandler Bing: Does anybody know me?!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What's wrong Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Monica Geller: No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Phoebe Buffay: Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Ross Geller: Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
Chandler Bing: Don't worry about it Pheebs.
Ross Geller: No one got me an engagement present.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, here I wish you health and happiness.
Chandler Bing: An old cookie?
Monica Geller: This is what happens when you don't register for gifts!
Phoebe Buffay: See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
Chandler Bing: We can't accept this.
Phoebe Buffay: Why not?
Chandler Bing: 'Cause it's gross.
Monica Geller: No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?!
Monica Geller: Yeah! I bet I can do it.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Okay, we owe you a present.
Ross Geller: Two! I've been engaged twice!
