unknown: nan
Elizabeth Stevens: This is my father, Paul Stevens. Dad, this is Ross Geller.
Ross Geller: It-it's great to meet you Paul.
Paul Stevens: I usually prefer Elizabeth's boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.
Ross Geller: Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
Paul Stevens: So Ross, what your problem?
Ross Geller: Eh-wh-Excuse me?
Paul Stevens: Why can't you get a girlfriend your own age?
Ross Geller: That's funny. Umm.... It's not funny.
Paul Stevens: I don't like you going out with my daughter Ross.
Ross Geller: Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Paul Stevens: Okay.
Ross Geller: What?
Paul Stevens: Okay. I'll give you one chance to change my mind. You got one minute.
Elizabeth Stevens: Daddy!
Paul Stevens: Fine! Two minutes. Go.
Ross Geller: This is-you-
Paul Stevens: 1 minute 50 seconds.
Ross Geller: Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
Paul Stevens: I'm Irish.
Ross Geller: And the Irish guy wins the joke!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ross!!
Chandler Bing: Ross!
Monica Geller: How crazy that we'd run into you!
Ross Geller: Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Monica Geller: Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
Chandler Bing: There's a Mr. Bing!
Paul Stevens: No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
Monica Geller: Ohh!
Paul Stevens: I get that a lot.
Ross Geller: Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Monica Geller: Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Not looking for dates.
Elizabeth Stevens: So uh, Monica is Ross's sister.
Monica Geller: And he's a great brother!
Paul Stevens: I had a sister.
Monica Geller: Ohh!
Paul Stevens: She passed away.
Monica Geller: Ohh!
Paul Stevens: Oh, you don't have to do that every time.
Chandler Bing: But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Paul Stevens: A part of him did yes.
Ross Geller: Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Chandler Bing: Yes, we were just...
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Paul Stevens: I'm already here.
Rachel Green: Oh! Ross is sooo great!
