unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh hey! So, how did your doctor's appointment go?
Rachel Green: Well, let's see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God.
Monica Geller: Why did you do that?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy?
Monica Geller: Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
Phoebe Buffay: You wish.
Monica Geller: Hey, I could've had you if I wanted you.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah? Come and get it.
Rachel Green: Okay, even this is turning me on!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey how's it, how's it going with you and Mona? Are you guys still together?
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, yeah we're moving forward. You'll be getting our card!
Monica Geller: You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
Ross Geller: Yeah, we're not just doing a card! Y'know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going.
Phoebe Buffay: Ugh! Women!
Ross Geller: I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Rachel Green: Uh Ross? You asked me that.
Ross Geller: Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I'm not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I'm horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y'know, something that says we're moving forward without having to talk about it.
Monica Geller: Like asking her to move in with you?
Ross Geller: Smaller than that.
Monica Geller: Making her a mixed tape?
Ross Geller: Uh, bigger than that.
Phoebe Buffay: Give her a key to your apartment.
Ross Geller: Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape.
Monica Geller: All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you.
Ross Geller: Yeah I-I don't-I don't think I'm quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
Phoebe Buffay: No, we hate that.
Monica Geller: That is a slap in the face.
Ross Geller: Forget it. I-I-Y'know what? I'll just have the conversation. I'll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
Rachel Green: I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples through that sweater.
