unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Yes. Hi, I'd like to order a pizza. Okay, can I ask you a question? Is-is the cute blond guy delivering tonight? Very Ambercrombie & Fitch. I'll call you back.
Joey Tribbiani: Who was that?
Rachel Green: It's just the pizza place.
Joey Tribbiani: You hung up on the pizza place? I don't hang up on your friends.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry honey, I'm just having a, having a rough day.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, what's wrong?
Rachel Green: Oh you really, you really just don't want to hear about it.
Joey Tribbiani: Then why did I ask?
Rachel Green: Okay, it's just-and this is really embarrassing-but lately with this whole pregnancy thing I'm just finding myself...how do I put this umm, erotically charged.
Joey Tribbiani: Is that college talk for horny?
Rachel Green: Yeah. So y'know, I have all of these feelings and I don't know what to do about them, because I can't date like a normal person, which is fine because I don't need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night. Just sex, y'know? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel comfortable with and who knows what he's doing. For just one great night, I mean is that really so...hard...to find. So how was your day?
Joey Tribbiani: Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon.
Rachel Green: Well, I gotta get up early and it's almost seven o'clock.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too.
Rachel Green: Okay, good night!
Joey Tribbiani: Good night.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I can't do it!
Rachel Green: I didn't ask you to do it!
Joey Tribbiani: You're Rachel!
Rachel Green: You're Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: You're my friend!
Rachel Green: Right back at ya!
Joey Tribbiani: But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
Rachel Green: And so bad. I don't even know what you're talking about because I didn't ask you to do anything!
Joey Tribbiani: I know!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Do you wanna do it?
Rachel Green: No!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, me neither! I was just testing you!
Rachel Green: That's the end of this conversation!
Joey Tribbiani: This conversation never happened!
Rachel Green: Never happened! Good night!
Joey Tribbiani: Good night!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Get back in there!
