unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hi.
Chandler Bing: Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Monica Geller: Stop it Chandler. I'm sorry too.
Chandler Bing: Really?
Monica Geller: Yeah! Oh yes!
Chandler Bing: Ohh.
Monica Geller: Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Chandler Bing: That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Monica Geller: Totally!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: We don't have to come up with this now.
Monica Geller: Oh good.
Chandler Bing: Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Monica Geller: Changes?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
Monica Geller: You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Chandler Bing: Is that a problem?
Monica Geller: Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
Chandler Bing: Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
Monica Geller: See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Monica Geller: Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
Chandler Bing: In the game room!
Monica Geller: Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Chandler Bing: All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
