unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Ross Geller: So umm, where are the other guys?
Rachel Green: Umm, well let's see Monica and Chandler are occupied.
Ross Geller: Fighting?!
Rachel Green: No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
Ross Geller: Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Rachel Green: Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
Ross Geller: Sure! Here.
Rachel Green: Thank you. Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I'm-I'm sure. Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind.
Joey Tribbiani: Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Ross Geller: I've been back and forth.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Ross Geller: Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Joey Tribbiani: That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Ross Geller: Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Joey Tribbiani: I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
Ross Geller: Is that what I want?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Here she comes. Hold on, I'm gonna make your life much easier.
Rachel Green: All right, well the place was closed. I'll just copy it later.
Joey Tribbiani: Or not. Uh, Rach, why don't you just move in with me?
Ross Geller: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
Rachel Green: Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
Joey Tribbiani: Thursday's clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
