unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So I thought Joey and I would be okay once we hung out, but it's not even like we know how to be with each other anymore.
Chandler Bing: I know it's tough now, but things will get better.
Rachel Green: How do you know that? What if it just gets worse and worse and worse, to the point where we can't even be in the same room with each other?!
Chandler Bing: I'm not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
Monica Geller: Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
Chandler Bing: Let's just say if I can't find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
Monica Geller: Okay, where is the Kat Stevens CD?
Chandler Bing: In the James Taylor case.
Monica Geller: Where is the James Taylor CD?
Chandler Bing: Honey, I'm gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
Monica Geller: Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we're just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
Chandler Bing: Well, if we're gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y'know alphabetically or by genre?
Monica Geller: Hmm, I don't know. We really have to talk this through.
Rachel Green: Oh my God!! You guys have such problems!! I feel so terrible for you!
Monica Geller: Okay, I-I'm sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah. That makes sense.
Monica Geller: Yeah, like I don't know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
Rachel Green: Ooh, I can do that.
Monica Geller: Good. Uh honey, the Miami Vice soundtrack? Really?
Chandler Bing: They were just giving those away at the store in exchange for money.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi.
Monica Geller: Uh I really don't know what to tell you Rach, I really don't. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
Rachel Green: What?
Monica Geller: Yeah Joey she's...Rachel's got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! Y'know what, if we're gonna make dinner we're gonna have to leave. Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: So you uh, have a...big work problem?
Rachel Green: Yeah it's umm... Yeah it's uh... It-it's y'know-It's nothing.
Joey Tribbiani: Huh. Okay. So uh, I think I'm gonna take off.
Rachel Green: Yeah-No wait! Joey no wait it is. It's something. It's-it's umm...it's my boss.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?
Rachel Green: Yeah, and umm my baby.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?
Rachel Green: My boss wants to buy my baby!
Joey Tribbiani: What?! Oh my-oh my God!
Rachel Green: I know I told you, it's a really big problem.
Joey Tribbiani: What he wants to buy your baby?!
Rachel Green: Can you believe that?!
Joey Tribbiani: That's crazy!
Rachel Green: That's what I told him!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, how did this even happen?
Rachel Green: Well I'll tell ya! See uh my-my boss and his wife-They-they can't have children. So umm, and that-we were at the Christmas party, and he got drunk, and he said to me, "Rachel, I want to buy your baby."
Joey Tribbiani: Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
Rachel Green: Ohh! Yeah! Yeah that-that would've been a much simpler problem.
