unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so when you're done with your tea I'll look at your leaves and tell you your fortune.
Chandler Bing: I didn't know you read tea leaves.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yeah, I've done it for years. I actually stopped because I was so accurate. Y'know, and-and y'know, one of the great joys of life is it's-it's wondrous unpredictability. Y'know? And also tea tends to give me the trots.
Monica Geller: Okay, I'm done. Read mine.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Ooh, I see a ladder. Which can mean either a promotion or a violent death.
Monica Geller: I-I'm the head chef. I-I can't get promoted.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm, who's next?
Rachel Green: Okay, I'm done. Do mine.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Umm, oh! Okay, I see a circle.
Rachel Green: Ah.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Which can either mean you're having a baby or you're gonna make a scientific discovery!
Rachel Green: Well, I have been spending a lot of time in the lab.
Chandler Bing: What does yours say Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm... Wow, all right. Wow! Yay! Ooh, I'm gonna meet a guy! And really soon! And he's gonna be the man of my dreams. Probably not the guy I had a dream about last night.
Ross Geller: Hey! Has anyone seen my shirt? It's a button down, like a, like a faded salmon?
Monica Geller: You mean your pink shirt?
Ross Geller: Faded salmon color.
Monica Geller: No, I-I haven't seen your pink shirt.
Ross Geller: Great! Great. Then I must've left it at Mona's. I knew it!
Chandler Bing: Well, I'm sure you get another one at Ann Taylor's.
Ross Geller: That's my favorite shirt! Okay? I love that shirt!
Rachel Green: Well just ask Mona to give it back!
Ross Geller: I don't know. I mean I-I guess I could. It's just that we didn't really end things such good terms. And if I go over there I'd be ignoring the one thing she asked me to do when we broke up, jump up my own ass and die.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait a second you guys...for the last couple weeks I've been that guy everywhere I go. We take the same bus. We go to the same bookstore, the same dry cleaners; maybe he's the tea guy.
Chandler Bing: Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute! Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Tea gives Phoebe the trots.
