unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: So what movie do you want to see-And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
Ross Geller: Books?
Joey Tribbiani: All right, car magazines, cereal boxes, but it's like enough!
Ross Geller: Well, I tell you what. Why don't we uh, why don't we just stay here? Let's not see a movie, we'll just hang.
Joey Tribbiani: And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
Ross Geller: Hey, if that's what you want to do I'm not gonna say no.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude! What is going on?!
Ross Geller: I just...I have to find out how it went.
Joey Tribbiani: Why?
Ross Geller: This guy could be my baby's stepfather!
Joey Tribbiani: They go on one date and you're worried about them getting married?! He's not you!
Ross Geller: I just-I-I can't believe she's-she's dating?!
Joey Tribbiani: Well Ross, what did you think she was gonna do?
Ross Geller: I don't know! I guess I just can't believe any of this is happening.
Joey Tribbiani: What do you mean?
Ross Geller: It's just I always thought when I had another kid it would be different. Now I-I love Ben, but every time I have to drop him off at Carol and Susan's, it's like-It breaks my heart a little. I mean I've always had this picture of me and my next wife in bed on Sunday and, my kid comes running in and leaps up onto the bed. And we all read the paper together. Y'know? Maybe fight over the science section.
Joey Tribbiani: That's a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
Ross Geller: No! No I can't. I mean Rachel's out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
Ross Geller: It used to be. Now she doesn't really have a face. Smokin' body though.
Joey Tribbiani: Good call. Yeah. But, the face Ross, the face isn't Rachel.
Ross Geller: No but ahh! How much easier would it be if it were?
Joey Tribbiani: I know, but I don't think that's what she wants.
Ross Geller: No, it's not what I want either. I mean I-I can't force myself to fall in love with her again now.
Joey Tribbiani: That's okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It's not gonna be what you thought, but no matter what there's gonna be a brand new little baby, your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I tell you what. Let's you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
Ross Geller: We can still catch that Ukrainian film.
Joey Tribbiani: No, I said fun!
