unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Rachel Green: I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
Phoebe Buffay: Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Give me your hands. Strings. Gimme it! Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes!
Phoebe Buffay: Then don't touch one!!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Ben Geller: Hi!
Monica Geller: Hi Ben!
Ben Geller: Auntie Monica!!
Chandler Bing: Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants!
Rachel Green: I think they're very nice.
Monica Geller: I like 'em.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!
Monica Geller: I like them a lot.
Chandler Bing: That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh come on!!
Ross Geller: Okay, seriously, what do you think?
Joey Tribbiani: You look like a freak.
Rachel Green: Awful, absolutely awful.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: What are you, what are you doing?
Monica Geller: It's my New Year's resolution!
Ross Geller: What, to blind my child?
Monica Geller: No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well.
