unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Ross Geller: This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
#ALL#: No. No, you're not a loser.
Ross Geller: Look at me!
Monica Geller: Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Ross Geller: Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
Monica Geller: See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Rachel Green: That really is something; that's really cool.
Joey Tribbiani: Howdy partner!
Ross Geller: Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
Monica Geller: Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Rachel Green: Good luck, honey!
Phoebe Buffay: Bye!
Rachel Green: Hey, uh, Joey?
Joey Tribbiani: Umm?
Rachel Green: Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, no!
Rachel Green: I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Rachel Green: Yeah. Well. Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Joey Tribbiani: Now? You want me to go over there now?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: Do you know something?
Rachel Green: Do you know something?
Joey Tribbiani: I might know something.
Rachel Green: I might know something too.
Joey Tribbiani: What's the thing you know?
Rachel Green: Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't tell you what I know.
Rachel Green: Well then I can't tell you what I know.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, fine.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: You don't know!
Rachel Green: All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
Joey Tribbiani: YOU KNOW!!!!
Rachel Green: AND YOU KNOW!!!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I know!!!!
Rachel Green: Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Joey Tribbiani: Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So...
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
Rachel Green: Ohhh, yeah, me too.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
