unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hello?
Ross Geller: Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
Joey Tribbiani: Uhh, Chandler's not here.
Ross Geller: Well, you can help me!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Ross Geller: Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Joey Tribbiani: Nice!
Ross Geller: No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Ross Geller: Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder!
Joey Tribbiani: Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Ross Geller: Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
Joey Tribbiani: Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Ross Geller: Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Ross Geller: Hold on.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Ross? You okay?
Ross Geller: They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Joey Tribbiani: Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
Ross Geller: What difference does that make?!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Rachel Green: Joey, do you have a minute?
Ross Geller: Dude, what am I gonna...
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.
Rachel Green: Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Rachel Green: Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
Joey Tribbiani: What-what is it, what is it?
Rachel Green: Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Rachel Green: Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Rachel Green: What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
Joey Tribbiani: And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
Rachel Green: I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone...
Joey Tribbiani: I'm not listening to you!
unknown: nan
