unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Rachel Green: But your divorce isn't even final yet.
Ross Geller: Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Chandler Bing: Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Ross Geller: Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Chandler Bing: That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Monica Geller: She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Ross Geller: In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Chandler Bing: I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
Joey Tribbiani: All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Ross Geller: Ohh.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?! How come?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Phoebe Buffay: Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Joey Tribbiani: Really? Who-who have you taught?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I taught me and I love me.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Rachel Green: Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Monica Geller: Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Rachel Green: I don't gossip!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Monica Geller: Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
Rachel Green: What? They were like this!
unknown: nan
