unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Who's cell phone is that? It's just so annoying; everywhere you go.
Ross Geller: I think it's coming from your bag.
Phoebe Buffay: I never get calls!! Hello?
Eric: Hi, it's Eric. From the Halloween party, Ursula's fiance.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how'd you get this number?
Eric: Oh, I have a friend who's a cop and he got it for me.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow! What an incredible violation-and wonderful surprise.
Eric: Uh listen, I just-I thought you should know I broke up with Ursula.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh you did? He did it! He did it!
Rachel Green: Wow! What did he do?
Phoebe Buffay: Shhh! I'm talking.
Eric: Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who...eats lunch.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you asking me out? 'Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.
Eric: Yeah uh...okay. I'm-I'm sorry. Bye.
Phoebe Buffay: No! Wait! I was just saying that so you'd think I was a good person. Fight for me.
Eric: Uhh, I won't take no for an answer.
Phoebe Buffay: Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.
Eric: Great! But wh-wh-How do you know where I live?
Phoebe Buffay: I've got friends too. Okay, bye.
Eric: Bye.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! I'm going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can't make lunch.
Ross Geller: So apparently I'm available for lunch.
Rachel Green: I can't. I'm busy. I'm apartment hunting.
Ross Geller: You're moving?
Rachel Green: Yeah, I can't live with Joey once the baby comes. I don't want my child's first words to be, "How you doin'?"
Ross Geller: So does-does Joey know you're moving?
Rachel Green: Well, I haven't discussed it with him yet, but I know he's gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought this girl over and I started talking to her about morning sickness and then I showed her pictures from my pregnancy book.
Ross Geller: That's not really porn.
Rachel Green: Not so much.
Ross Geller: Hey, y'know what and if you're looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
Rachel Green: Oh my God! Was she old? Does she have a view?
Ross Geller: Well I don't know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want. With your permission.
Rachel Green: Yeah that would really be great.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Well can we see it?! Oh maybe we shouldn't. I mean if she just died this morning out of respect.
Ross Geller: Yeah. No. No you're right.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Shall we?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
unknown: nan
