unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: This is terrible, what are you going to do?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
Phoebe Buffay: That's not good.
Joey Tribbiani: No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile!
Rachel Green: Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Chandler Bing: If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
Grandma Tribbiani: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am!
Grandma Tribbiani: No! Sam Waterston!
Joey Tribbiani: No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
Grandma Tribbiani: No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
Chandler Bing: Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Phoebe Buffay: But I already gave them back to you!
Monica Geller: No you didn't.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. Where is that other earring?
Rachel Green: It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay!
Phoebe Buffay: Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
Rachel Green: Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Phoebe Buffay: Why are you being weird?
Ross Geller: Do you like it?
Phoebe Buffay: No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Ross Geller: Okay, I'm working on my flirting.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh! I did not get that.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
Monica Geller: Yeah, it's good.
Chandler Bing: See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Monica Geller: Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Monica Geller: Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Chandler Bing: Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Monica Geller: No way!
Chandler Bing: It's true.
Monica Geller: Well that's pathetic!
Chandler Bing: Again true.
Monica Geller: And this goes for all guys?
Chandler Bing: All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
Ross Geller: Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like ten minutes left!
Joey Tribbiani: I know, I know! What am I going to do? Ooh!
Monica Geller: No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, all right. Ooh!
Grandma Tribbiani: Joey!
Chandler Bing: Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Did you find it?
Rachel Green: The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Rachel Green: Okay, calm down, here they are.
Monica Geller: Phoebe!
Phoebe Buffay: What are we going to do?!
Rachel Green: I don't know, I don't know.
Phoebe Buffay: All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
Rachel Green: Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Phoebe Buffay: I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Rachel Green: Ohh that'd be great!
Phoebe Buffay: Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
Monica Geller: Yeah, what is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
Monica Geller: Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Phoebe Buffay: I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
Monica Geller: All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Monica Geller: Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! You're the best!
Rachel Green: Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Monica Geller: That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Rachel Green: Your sunglasses?!
Monica Geller: Yes!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, right!
Caitlin: Pizza!
Ross Geller: Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Chandler Bing: Okay, hold on. Okay.
Rachel Green: Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Ross Geller: You'll see. Okay. Oh, what's-what's her name?
#ALL#: Caitlin!
Grandma Tribbiani: Caitlin!
Ross Geller: Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this.
Caitlin: It's uh, $12.50.
Ross Geller: Okay, so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
Caitlin: No actually umm, I think that they're umm, gas.
Ross Geller: Gas? Wow! Intense.
Chandler Bing: If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
Ross Geller: Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
Caitlin: Yeah.
Ross Geller: They put that in.
Caitlin: What?!
Ross Geller: The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Caitlin: Well okay!
Ross Geller: A lot of other gas smells...
Chandler Bing: Oh the humanity.
Ross Geller: Meth-methane smells...
Caitlin: Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Ross Geller: Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
Caitlin: Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Was I talking to her about gas?
Chandler Bing: More so than anything else.
Phoebe Buffay: I-I-I found it interesting.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry.
Ross Geller: Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
Rachel Green: Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes.
Phoebe Buffay: Ross?
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: What else do they add smell too?
