unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
Phoebe Buffay: I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Rachel Green: No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
Phoebe Buffay: Don't get me started on that.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: I was not flirting.
Ross Geller: And on your anniversary, for shame!
Rachel Green: What's going on?
Ross Geller: Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
Chandler Bing: I was not and oh God, shh!
Ross Geller: Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Phoebe Buffay: Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
Ross Geller: Well...
Chandler Bing: Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Ross Geller: Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
Rachel Green: Hm-mmm.
Ross Geller: And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little...
Rachel Green: Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Ross Geller: This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Phoebe Buffay: See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
Rachel Green: Big night!
Phoebe Buffay: This is so cool!
Chandler Bing: So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. I've done it again.
Joey Tribbiani: She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so...
Monica Geller: Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Chandler Bing: Happy Anniversary, 10 months!
Monica Geller: So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Chandler Bing: Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
Monica Geller: Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
Chandler Bing: The one that doesn't.
Monica Geller: That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Chandler Bing: Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Monica Geller: That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: You have got to go home!
Phoebe Buffay: But I like it here!
Monica Geller: You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Monica Geller: Great!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay! Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Rachel Green: Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Phoebe Buffay: I guess so.
Rachel Green: Here you go. Thank you!
Phoebe Buffay: Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Rachel Green: Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Rachel Green: Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Rachel Green: Tell her to wear her own earrings.
Phoebe Buffay: These are her earrings.
Rachel Green: Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Phoebe Buffay: Why not?
Rachel Green: Because I lose her stuff!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Chandler Bing: If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Monica Geller: Rach? What are you doing?
Rachel Green: Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
Monica Geller: It's a diaper commercial.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!
unknown: nan
Caitlin: Pizza delivery!
Ross Geller: I'll get it! I will get that!
Caitlin: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Caitlin: One uh, vegetarian pizza. That's $12.15.
Ross Geller: Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
Caitlin: What?!
Ross Geller: The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Caitlin: Oh. Thanks.
Ross Geller: You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
Caitlin: Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.
Chandler Bing: Here you go. Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Caitlin: I'm gonna try.
Chandler Bing: You're welcome.
Ross Geller: You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
Chandler Bing: What?
Ross Geller: This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
Monica Geller: What's goin' on?
Ross Geller: Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
Chandler Bing: Thank you for that! I was not flirting.
Monica Geller: It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Ross Geller: Really?!
Chandler Bing: Really?!
Monica Geller: It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Chandler Bing: So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Monica Geller: Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Chandler Bing: Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Joey Tribbiani: True story!
Monica Geller: Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Chandler Bing: Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Rachel Green: Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
Ross Geller: And thank you, for that.
Rachel Green: But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Ross Geller: What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Rachel Green: Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
Ross Geller: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
Phoebe Buffay: I found it!
Rachel Green: Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
Phoebe Buffay: On your dresser.
Rachel Green: Okay that is the one we already have!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! Oh my God.
Monica Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
Chandler Bing: Well, what is it?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, they cut me out of the show.
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: Are you sure?
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe your scene's coming up?
Joey Tribbiani: Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm in it.
