unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Okay. Let's bring it in.
Rachel Green: Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
Ross Geller: Here you go.
Rachel Green: That almost hit me in the face.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, we have to pick captains.
Chandler Bing: And then Tineals.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so how do we decide that?
Monica Geller: Well, why don't we just bunny up.
Chandler Bing: What?
Monica Geller: Bunny!
Monica Geller: Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Thank you.
Rachel Green: Monica, I'm your best friend.
Ross Geller: Sweetie, don't worry you'll get picked. Chandler.
Rachel Green: Ross!
Monica Geller: Phoebe.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Sweetie, now I pick you.
Rachel Green: You don't pick me! You're stuck with me!
Ross Geller: Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
Monica Geller: All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Chandler Bing: Wow! Just like in the pros.
Monica Geller: Huddle up.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, huddle up, right over here.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
Monica Geller: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Monica Geller: Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Okay, Joey's gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Phoebe Buffay: What's block?
Monica Geller: Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
Phoebe Buffay: I thought you meant in life.
Monica Geller: Break.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice.
Ross Geller: Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!
Chandler Bing: Sorry. I'm sorry. Y'know what, we're just gonna throw it.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: I got it.
Phoebe Buffay: Go! Go! Go!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Score!! 7 to nothing!
Rachel Green: Are you okay?
Ross Geller: Come on, let's go!
Monica Geller: Losers walk!
Ross Geller: Yeah, losers talk!
Chandler Bing: No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! You wanna go shotgun?
Ross Geller: Yeah!
Chandler Bing: Hike!
Joey Tribbiani: One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Over here!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I almost caught that one!
Chandler Bing: Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Ross Geller: Okay, this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!
Rachel Green: Wait, what am I gonna do?
Ross Geller: You, you go long.
Rachel Green: Wait, how long?
Ross Geller: Until we start to look very small.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Break!!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Set....hike!
Ross Geller: One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi, switch! Switch! Switch!!
Chandler Bing: No, no, no, no, no!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.
Woman: You are playing American football?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.
Woman: I'm Dutch.
Joey Tribbiani: Hi-hi, I'm Joey.
Woman: I'm Margha.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry Dutch, I didn't get that last little bit.
Chandler Bing: Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. Hi, I'm Chandler.
Margha: Hello, Chandler.
Joey Tribbiani: Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Margha: Margha.
Joey Tribbiani: Mar-klan.
Margha: Mar-gha.
Chandler Bing: Mar-haaaan.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Come on guys! Let's go! Come on, it's second down.
Ross Geller: Uh, hello, it's third down.
Monica Geller: No it's not, it's second.
Ross Geller: Wow!
Monica Geller: Wow, what?
Ross Geller: It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.
Monica Geller: Pulling what? It's second down.
Ross Geller: Okay, it's second down. Take all the second downs you need.
Monica Geller: I heard that!
Ross Geller: Well, I said it loud.
unknown: nan
Margha: It is okay, if I stay and watch?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! Why don't you stick around. You can sit right there.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Well, that went well.
Joey Tribbiani: I think so.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Chandler Bing: Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Chandler Bing: Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Joey Tribbiani: Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Chandler Bing: Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Rachel Green: Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Ross Geller: Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
Rachel Green: Can I see that for second.
Ross Geller: Yeah.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay. Hut! Hike!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Fumble!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell's the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
Chandler Bing: Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Joey Tribbiani: All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Chandler Bing: Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Monica Geller: All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh I got it!! Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, run!
Monica Geller: Run, Phoebe, run!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Touchdown!! Touchdown!!
Ross Geller: Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn't count.
Monica Geller: After the snap!
Ross Geller: Before the snap!
Joey Tribbiani: After!!
Chandler Bing: Before!!
Rachel Green: Now, does it really matter?
#ALL#: Yes!!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
Ross Geller: Oh Pheebs, that's great. It doesn't count.
Monica Geller: Does so count!
Ross Geller: Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God!
Monica Geller: Y'know what, that's fine, maybe you haven't grown up, but I have.
Ross Geller: Oh-ho, okay.
Monica Geller: Dead leg!!
Ross Geller: Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Phoebe Buffay: Woo-yay!!
Monica Geller: No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
Ross Geller: Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
Monica Geller: Y'know what? I'll think you'll play.
Ross Geller: Oh really! Why is that?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Because the winner gets this!
Ross Geller: The Geller Cup.
Chandler Bing: Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
#ALL#: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Okay, good.
