unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
Monica Geller: When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
Ross Geller: That cup is mine!
Monica Geller: No it's not! You want it, you're gonna have to win it!
Rachel Green: All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
Monica Geller: Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
Joey Tribbiani: It's hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
Monica Geller: All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
Joey Tribbiani: What are you gonna do?
Monica Geller: All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay.
Monica Geller: Break!
Joey Tribbiani: Here you go!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Chandler! Chandler!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hi.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don't see that everyday, do ya?
Ross Geller: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's with the tackling?
Monica Geller: What?! I just touched him and he went over.
Ross Geller: Okay, you wanna play rough, we can play rough.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: I love this game!!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey, where'd you get that?
Rachel Green: I went really long.
Monica Geller: Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
Ross Geller: It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
Monica Geller: You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
Ross Geller: What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Monica Geller: Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Ross Geller: Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you're with me.
Rachel Green: I can not believe your trading me!!
Monica Geller: Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Rachel Green: Are you gonna let me play?
Monica Geller: All right then.
unknown: nan
Margha: The game is over, we eat now?
Chandler Bing: No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it's better if we're on the same team.
Ross Geller: Right. Okay, let's play. Let's go.
Chandler Bing: No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Joey Tribbiani: Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
Chandler Bing: And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Nice try. See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Margha: Oh, my.
Ross Geller: Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let's play some ball, guys.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I'm not playing with this guy, now.
Chandler Bing: Fine with me.
Ross Geller: Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
Chandler Bing: What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
Margha: Which do I like?
Ross Geller: Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
Margha: Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: Yes!!
Joey Tribbiani: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn't understand the question.
Chandler Bing: Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
Margha: I'm sorry, Joey, that is my chose.
Chandler Bing: You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
Margha: I'm now thinking I would like to change my answer to, no one.
Chandler Bing: Wh-what?
Margha: I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.
Joey Tribbiani: Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Ross Geller: Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Chandler Bing: We're not gonna lose to girls.
Ross Geller: Hey! It's 42-21!
Joey Tribbiani: This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Monica Geller: Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
Monica Geller: Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
Rachel Green: Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
Phoebe Buffay: All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
unknown: S
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
Rachel Green: No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
Monica Geller: Honey, there's a reason.
Rachel Green: God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Phoebe Buffay: Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Monica Geller: All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
Rachel Green: Thank you! Break!
Monica Geller: Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!
unknown: nan
The Guys: One-Mississippi! Two-Mississippi! Three-Mississippi!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
Monica Geller: No! I'm not okay!
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
Joey Tribbiani: Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Chandler Bing: Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
Monica Geller: Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
Monica Geller: All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Monica Geller: Break!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Chandler Bing: Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
Phoebe Buffay: Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Let go! Let go!
Monica Geller: Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Chandler Bing: Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Monica Geller: Ow!!
