unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
Ross Geller: Halftime.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
Rachel Green: Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
Joey Tribbiani: Great, you can cover Chandler.
Chandler Bing: No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Chandler Bing: That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, all right, I'll play.
Phoebe Buffay: Yay!!
Rachel Green: Let's do it! Ross?
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Do you wanna play football?
Ross Geller: Um, Monica and I aren't supposed to play football.
Joey Tribbiani: Says who? Your mom?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
Chandler Bing: No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Monica Geller: Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
Ross Geller: It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
Monica Geller: To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Ross Geller: Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
Monica Geller: I won the game.
Ross Geller: Oh yeah! Then how come you didn't get the Geller Cup?
Rachel Green: Um, there was a Geller Cup?
Ross Geller: Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... threw it in the lake.
Chandler Bing: And was the curse lifted?
Ross Geller: Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Monica Geller: Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it's been twelve years.
Ross Geller: Can I see you for a second?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Once!!
Ross Geller: All right, we're gonna play.
Chandler Bing: But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
