unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Isn't she beautiful?
Jack Geller: Look at her, my first grandchild.
Ross Geller: What about Ben?
Jack Geller: Well of course Ben, I meant my first granddaughter. Wow.
Phoebe Buffay: Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
Ross Geller: Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.
Phoebe Buffay: Yay! It's so exciting! Wow, you could've done that with us there.
Ross Geller: Yeah right.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can't talk to Rachel.
Ross Geller: What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?
Chandler Bing: Sure.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude I just did something terrible.
Chandler Bing: That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
Joey Tribbiani: No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
Chandler Bing: What?! Why does she think that?
Joey Tribbiani: Because it kinda looked like I did.
Chandler Bing: Again, what?!
Joey Tribbiani: Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand.
Chandler Bing: As we all are at some point during the day.
Joey Tribbiani: It wasn't my ring! It fell out of Ross's jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
Chandler Bing: Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
Joey Tribbiani: I guess.
Chandler Bing: And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
Joey Tribbiani: I know! I know it's awful.
Chandler Bing: Well, what did she say?
Joey Tribbiani: She said yes.
Chandler Bing: Does Ross know?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
Chandler Bing: Well maybe you don't have to tell him anything.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I like that. Yeah.
Chandler Bing: If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Joey Tribbiani: Now let's not get carried away.
Monica Geller: I want a baby.
Chandler Bing: Honey, we've been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
Monica Geller: Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it'll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet's still available?
Chandler Bing: I'm so tired. Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
Monica Geller: Deal!
Ross Geller: Dad seriously! Y'know you really should see someone about that!
Jack Geller: Noted.
Ross Geller: I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit?
Jack Geller: Are you kidding me, I could stay and look at her forever.
Ross Geller: Actually umm...
