unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh hey! Wait up!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Phoebe Buffay: Congratulations! I didn't want to say anything in front of Joey 'cause I didn't know if he knew yet.
Ross Geller: What, that we had a baby? Come on let's give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
Phoebe Buffay: No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Ross Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven't done the secret thing in a long time.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didn't propose.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
Ross Geller: I am a doctor! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go and talk to Rachel myself.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, me too. Should we wake her up?
Ross Geller: No! No, come on let her sleep! She's so exhausted.
Phoebe Buffay: And so engaged.
Ross Geller: What? Oh my God! She-she thinks we're engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we're engaged?!
Phoebe Buffay: Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y'know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
Ross Geller: I didn't give her that ring!
Phoebe Buffay: Really?
Ross Geller: No!
Phoebe Buffay: So whose ring is it?
Ross Geller: It's mine.
Phoebe Buffay: Is it an engagement ring?
Ross Geller: Yes!
Phoebe Buffay: But you didn't give it to her?
Ross Geller: No!
Phoebe Buffay: But you were going to propose?
Ross Geller: No!!
Phoebe Buffay: Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
Ross Geller: Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe...kinda...wanted ah...start...things up again.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.
Ross Geller: Look, I didn't want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn't want to either. But I don't, I don't understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
Phoebe Buffay: No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
Ross Geller: Well I didn't! I didn't propose! Unless uh... Did I? I haven't slept in forty hours and...it does sound like something I would do.
