unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Look, we can't stay in here forever.
Monica Geller: Oh, I still can't believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn't make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Chandler Bing: This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door.
Monica Geller: Hi Dad! I can still call you that right?
Jack Geller: Of course. I'll always be your dad.
Chandler Bing: I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn't for fun.
Monica Geller: It wasn't fun?!
Chandler Bing: Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
Jack Geller: Oh, I don't think that. Before today I never thought of you two having sex at all. It was a simpler time.
Monica Geller: The truth is, Dad, we're-we're trying.
Jack Geller: What?
Monica Geller: Yeah, we're trying to get pregnant.
Jack Geller: Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in there! I'll guard the door!
Monica Geller: Well, that's okay dad, we-we can wait until later.
Jack Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa! I don't think so! Aren't you ovulating?
Monica Geller: Daddy?!
Jack Geller: Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceive you, whenever she was ovulating, bam, we did it. That's how I got my bad hip.
Chandler Bing: That's funny, this conversation's how I got the bullet hole in my head.
Jack Geller: This one time I had my knee up on the sink and your mother, she was.
Monica Geller: Daddy! I don't think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex.
Jack Geller: You're right, you're right. This is about your positions. Now, what I saw in the closet is not the optimum position for conceiving a child, although it might feel good.
Monica Geller: I don't feel good right now.
Jack Geller: But pleasure is important, and it helps if the woman has an orgasm. You up to the task sailor?
Chandler Bing: Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
