unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Ross Geller: Listen, I um... I heard about the engagement.
Rachel Green: Surprised?
Ross Geller: And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um...I didn't propose to you.
Rachel Green: I know.
Ross Geller: I don't think you do.
Rachel Green: You didn't propose to me. Joey did.
Ross Geller: Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
Rachel Green: Uh... You didn't propose to me, Chandler didn't propose to me, but Joey did.
Ross Geller: Joey proposed to you?
Joey Tribbiani: I can come back.
Ross Geller: Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
Joey Tribbiani: No.
Rachel Green: Yes you did!
Joey Tribbiani: Actually, technically, I didn't.
Rachel Green: Well then why did you give me a ring?
Ross Geller: Wait! Whoa-whoa, you...you gave her the ring?
Joey Tribbiani: No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
Rachel Green: Yes, you did!
Joey Tribbiani: No, I didn't!
Rachel Green: Yes, you did!
Joey Tribbiani: No, I didn't!
Rachel Green: Yes, you did! And don't you say, "No, I didn't!"
Joey Tribbiani: Ahhh!
Rachel Green: He was right there. He got down on one knee and proposed.
Ross Geller: Whoa! You were down on one knee?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn't...I didn't propose!
Ross Geller: Then what did happen?
Rachel Green: Yeah, what did happen?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
Rachel Green: Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"
Joey Tribbiani: No, I didn't!
Rachel Green: Yes, you did!
Joey Tribbiani: No, I didn't!
Rachel Green: Yes, you did-Oh my God you didn't! Well then why didn't you tell me that before?!
Joey Tribbiani: Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Ross Geller: Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!
Joey Tribbiani: I'll tell you about it later. Be cool.
Rachel Green: Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an engagement ring?!
Joey Tribbiani: It wasn't my ring! It's Ross's ring! That's why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
Ross Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: You were gonna propose to me?
Ross Geller: Uhh... No.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, this is awkward.
Ross Geller: But I-I was going to see if y'know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that-I mean that-that was all, Rach.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, step up! I proposed.
Ross Geller: No, you didn't!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh that's right. There's a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
Nurse: Hey, she just woke up! She's hungry. Why don't we give this another try?
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: I can't believe you told her I was going to propose!
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe you're not going to propose!
Ross Geller: Hey, I'm not going to rush into anything!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
Rachel Green: Oh my God!
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: She's doing it Look, she's breast-feeding look!
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, it's beautiful.
Nurse: I'll come back for her later.
Rachel Green: Okay.
Ross Geller: Thank you.
Rachel Green: Oh wow, this feels weird.
Ross Geller: Good weird?
Rachel Green: Wonderful weird.
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know what you guys? I'm uh, I'm gonna go too. And uh, I'm sorry about everything.
Rachel Green: Honey don't worry, it was my mistake.
Joey Tribbiani: No, Rach, I should've told you sooner. It's just that...Man! That kid is going to town!
Rachel Green: She's perfect.
Ross Geller: We're so lucky.
Rachel Green: We really are.
Ross Geller: Look, I-I know it's not a proposal and I don't know where you are, but with everything that's been going on and with Emma and...I've been feeling.
Rachel Green: I know. I know. I've feeling.
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Okay, well, that... Wow, okay, well, umm...then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Rachel Green: Yeah, maybe.
Ross Geller: Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y'know if we...if You're wearing the ring.
Rachel Green: Wh-what's that?
Ross Geller: And you told Phoebe you were engaged.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, what?
Ross Geller: When you thought Joey proposed did...did you say yes?
