unknown: nan
Monica Geller: So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Phoebe Buffay: Monica, do you want us to take you home?
Monica Geller: Uh, huh. Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away.
Ross Geller: Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
Chandler Bing: Umm, yeah.
Ross Geller: No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
Chandler Bing: Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
Ross Geller: Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Chandler Bing: We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
Ross Geller: Nooo!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, okay.
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Chandler Bing: Yeah! All right! You go first.
Ross Geller: Okay, okay, I'll go first.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Ross Geller: So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
Chandler Bing: Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Ross Geller: Yes!
Chandler Bing: I know!
Ross Geller: Yes! Wow, well, that-that was easy. Okay, you-you go.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
Ross Geller: Hmph.
Chandler Bing: And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Ross Geller: With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Chandler Bing: I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
Ross Geller: Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
Chandler Bing: You said...
Ross Geller: I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .
