unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: What am I sitting on?
Chandler Bing: Top of the world? Dock of the bay? I'm out.
Phoebe Buffay: Ew-eww!! Undies!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Ross Geller: Well, they're not mine!
Chandler Bing: Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, they're mine.
Chandler Bing: See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
Ross Geller: Why are they here?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know uhh... Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Rachel Green: Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?
Chandler Bing: Yeah!
Monica Geller: Yeah!
Rachel Green: Take 'em! Joey, you can touch them! They're your underwear.
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler? A word.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Monica Geller: Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
Monica Geller: Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't...
Chandler Bing: All this lying has been hard on us too.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Chandler Bing: Well, yeah actually.
Monica Geller: We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Chandler Bing: I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Monica Geller: We are! Help us!
Chandler Bing: Help!
Joey Tribbiani: All right! But, you do it with me once.
Monica Geller: Joey!
Joey Tribbiani: Didn't think so.
