unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey, Phoebe!
Chandler Bing: Hi, Pheebs!
Rachel Green: Hey, Pheebs!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, Pheebs!
Rachel Green: What are you reading?
Phoebe Buffay: Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Chandler Bing: I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Rachel Green: Honey that sounds like fun.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Rachel Green: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! Okay-ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
Rachel Green: Oh, I read that in high school.
Phoebe Buffay: This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Ross Geller: Hi.
Joey Tribbiani: What's wrong buddy?
Ross Geller: Someone at work ate my sandwich!
Chandler Bing: Well, what did the police say?
Ross Geller: My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Chandler Bing: Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Ross Geller: Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Monica Geller: Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Ross Geller: That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Ross Geller: Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Chandler Bing: Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff.
#ALL#: Whoa! Ohh!!
Monica Geller: Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
Phoebe Buffay: Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
Monica Geller: Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, he stabbed me first!!
