unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever.
Chandler Bing: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.
Monica Geller: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song.
Ross Geller: Seriously?
Chandler Bing: Word!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, mine was worse than that.
Rachel Green: Well, what happened?
Phoebe Buffay: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...
Rachel Green: Oh, that is so tacky.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, that's what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose?
Rachel Green: Phoebe, that's huge!
Ross Geller: Well, do you wanna marry him?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Chandler Bing: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..?
Monica Geller: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?
Monica Geller: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on...
Chandler Bing: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing!
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, do you think I should propose?
Rachel Green: I think it could be kind of great!
Ross Geller: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, ok, so how should I do it?
Monica Geller: How about at a game, on the big screen?
Rachel Green: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker?
Monica Geller: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that?
Chandler Bing: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?
Amy Green: Nana is on the phone.
Rachel Green: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!!
Amy Green: She did? Who got her condo in Boca?
Rachel Green: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today?
Ross Geller: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting?
Rachel Green: Menstrual cramps.
Ross Geller: I don't think that's what this is.
Rachel Green: Can any of you watch Emma?
Monica Geller: No, sorry sweety..
Phoebe Buffay: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing..
Rachel Green: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do?
Amy Green: Well, I can do it.
Rachel Green: Well, actually...
Ross Geller: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child.
Rachel Green: Why not?
Ross Geller: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!
Rachel Green: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name!
Ross Geller: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella.
Rachel Green: Wha... the next one?
Ross Geller: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.
Rachel Green: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!!
Ross Geller: I... I don't know..
Rachel Green: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world?
Amy Green: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me...
Rachel Green: Absolutely.
Amy Green: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay?
