unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?
Joey Tribbiani: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.
Monica Geller: You dropped it off?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?
Joey Tribbiani: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it.
Monica Geller: You hand-wrote it?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
Chandler Bing: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter.
Monica Geller: Okay good.
Chandler Bing: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. .
Monica Geller: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store.
Chandler Bing: They loved it.
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
Monica Geller: They thought Joey was a child?
Chandler Bing: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings.
Amy Green: Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey, what did you guys do today?
Amy Green: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi.
Chandler Bing: That sounds like fun.
Amy Green: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull.
Rachel Green: Hey! Hi, how's my girl?
Amy Green: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready?
Rachel Green: Yeah!
Amy Green: Ta-daaa!
Rachel Green: You pierced her ears!?
Amy Green: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller?
Rachel Green: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?
Amy Green: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it?
Chandler Bing: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong!
Rachel Green: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out.
Amy Green: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart?
Rachel Green: Ugh.
Ross Geller: Hey guys.
Chandler Bing: Hi Ross.
Ross Geller: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. .
Rachel Green: Nah, I don't really want her to see.
Ross Geller: Why not?
Monica Geller: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
Chandler Bing: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Ross Geller: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi!
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Nothing.
Ross Geller: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons.
Rachel Green: Oh, they're real!
Ross Geller: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her!
Rachel Green: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again!
Amy Green: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt!
Monica Geller: I'm a cool, fun aunt!
Amy Green: O-Okay!
Chandler Bing: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Rachel Green: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me?
Amy Green: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah? Since when?
Amy Green: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: That's not a thing!
Amy Green: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming...
Rachel Green: Babies don't care if they're slim.
Amy Green: Enter Amy!
Ross Geller: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna...
Amy Green: What? What are you gonna do?
Ross Geller: No more falafel for you!
