unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Monica Geller: So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks?
Phoebe Buffay: Sure!
Ross Geller: I'd love to!
Monica Geller: Well you can't! We're booked solid for the next month!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again!
Ross Geller: Phoebe, what happened?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! Chandler: Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years!
Chandler Bing: What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont !
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic!
Chandler Bing: So, what do you say? Can you get out of work?
Monica Geller: Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant!
Chandler Bing: Are you really that busy?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am.
Chandler Bing: Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception?"
Monica Geller: Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant!
Phoebe Buffay: And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
Chandler Bing: "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" "Oh, thank you very much!" Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
Ross Geller: Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance.
Chandler Bing: I don't have travel insurance.
Ross Geller: Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge!
Monica Geller: Why don't you take Ross?
Ross Geller: Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn...
Monica Geller: No, not if their room has two beds!
Ross Geller: I guess...It still seems a little... moonlight boat ride!!
