unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ole!
Monica Geller: What are you doing here!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain!
Monica Geller: Great!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".
Monica Geller: Listen Phoebe...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Monica Geller: You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but...
Phoebe Buffay: But what?
Monica Geller: This is kind of a classy place.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, say no more.
Phoebe Buffay: : It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! Classy, uh?
Chandler Bing: Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation.
Receptionist: Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from?
Chandler Bing: New York.
Ross Geller: The big apple!
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody.
Receptionist: I am sorry Mr. Bing, there's no record of your reservation in the computer.
Chandler Bing: Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please?
Ross Geller: Check again please!
Receptionist: I'm sorry, it's not here.
Ross Geller: Not there.
Chandler Bing: Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
Receptionist: I don't know what to say.
Ross Geller: She doesn't know what to say!
Chandler Bing: Just give us the cheapest room you have.
Receptionist: Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars.
Chandler Bing: That's insane!
Ross Geller: Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
Chandler Bing: Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it.
Receptionist: Great.
Chandler Bing: What!? They are totally ripping us off!
Ross Geller: Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six!
Chandler Bing: Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there!
Ross Geller: C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time!
Chandler Bing: Dude, you're shaking!
Ross Geller: I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple?
