unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Rachel Green: Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh man! I thought I got it all!
Rachel Green: How...how...?
Joey Tribbiani: I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?
Rachel Green: uh-huh.
Joey Tribbiani: And I couldn't find this little plastic thing that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
Rachel Green: Wow...definitely just Drake...
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Rachel Green: What...how is it going with Drake?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh...I don't think it's going very well...
Rachel Green: What...that scene I saw was so good!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
Rachel Green: Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
Joey Tribbiani: A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Rachel Green: So?
Joey Tribbiani: So...I've never played that!
Rachel Green: Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh...well...just once...with you...
Rachel Green: Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance?
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell are you talking about??
Rachel Green: Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
Rachel Green: Joey, you never..you never talked about that before...
Joey Tribbiani: Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. Joey: Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! Closing credits.
