unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Can I ask you a question?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams?
Monica Geller: Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Rachel Green: Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey.
Monica Geller: Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him?
Rachel Green: Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense.
Monica Geller: What do you think brought than on?
Rachel Green: I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday.
Monica Geller: A love scene? With who?
Rachel Green: Olivia.
Monica Geller: Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! Oh right, real life more important.
Rachel Green: So do you think that my dream means anything?
Monica Geller: I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Rachel Green: Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream...
Monica Geller: Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.
Rachel Green: You took the same class twice.
Monica Geller: It was hard! Phoebe: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hi.
Phoebe Buffay: Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant uh, huh wait! Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
Monica Geller: Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
Phoebe Buffay: Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
Monica Geller: Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back . Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work...
Phoebe Buffay: My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant?
Rachel Green: Ok, we're still on that.
Monica Geller: I didn't say your songs were not good enough.
Phoebe Buffay: Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
Monica Geller: Tiny portions?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but I can't see it, I can't see it"!
Monica Geller: Phoebe, it's not about quantity.
Phoebe Buffay: Well...it's not about quality.
Monica Geller: Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
Phoebe Buffay: Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica.
Monica Geller: Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
Phoebe Buffay: Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic?
Monica Geller: You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
Phoebe Buffay: What are people having, the garlic Martini?
