unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! That's David!
Monica Geller: David who?
Phoebe Buffay: David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
David: Oh my God!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you say someone's name enough, they turn around.
David: Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: David! What-what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Russia?
David: Yeah, I'm just, I'm just in town for a conference. Umm, God you look phenomenal!
Phoebe Buffay: Well... Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
David: Yeah. Well I-I got like thirty of them.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
David: Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh.
David: Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
David: Really? Because I think about you all the time.
Phoebe Buffay: Really?
David: I mean, there's a statue in Minsk...
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh.
David: That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
David: Umm, anyway...Do you want to have dinner tonight?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! Oh no!
David: Oh. Uh, what?
Phoebe Buffay: I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
David: Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Monica Geller: Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh.
Monica Geller: What are you doing?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
Monica Geller: So! He'll understand!
Phoebe Buffay: No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Monica Geller: God, you are so strong.
Phoebe Buffay: Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
