unknown: nan
The Waiter: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
The Waiter: Are you guys ready?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
The Waiter: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
The Waiter: And for you sir?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
The Waiter: It's uh, it's already been roasted.
Joey Tribbiani: Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
The Waiter: Actually we're out of the lobster ravioli.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh well, that changes everything! Y'know what Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Huh?
Joey Tribbiani: You were right before. I mean, friends are so important.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I'm very wise. I know.
Joey Tribbiani: Y'know-y'know what I really want?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
The Waiter: Any progress?
Joey Tribbiani: Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
Phoebe Buffay: God Joey, this is taking forever!
Joey Tribbiani: What's the rush? What?
Phoebe Buffay: W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa-whoa, what is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Well... It's a date.
Joey Tribbiani: A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Phoebe Buffay: Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
Joey Tribbiani: No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Phoebe Buffay: That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Phoebe Buffay: She was?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, she graduated from high school!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
Joey Tribbiani: Fine!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: Fine!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Joey Tribbiani: What are you still doin' here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!
