unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Awww! Mel Torme died.
Monica Geller: Joey, that paper's like a year old!
Joey Tribbiani: Aw! Does that mean the Sam Goody's sale is over?!
Ross Geller: Hey.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Ross Geller: So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Monica Geller: Limited seating?! I am just one tiny person!
Ross Geller: Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Monica Geller: Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Ross Geller: Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Monica Geller: Joan?
Ross Geller: Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
Joey Tribbiani: Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
Ross Geller: Not broad backed!
Monica Geller: Wait a minute, y'know, you're bringing me!
Ross Geller: What? I can't cancel on Joan!
Monica Geller: Why not?!
Ross Geller: Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Monica Geller: Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Ross Geller: Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
Joey Tribbiani: Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Monica Geller: We'll see.
