unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hi! You're back from your date!
Ross Geller: How are you?
Rachel Green: I'm fine, but that's not important. What's important is how was she?
Ross Geller: Uhh, it was fun. We, we just had coffee.
Rachel Green: Oh uh-huh, uh-huh, coffee, a little rub-rub-rub under the table.
Ross Geller: What's uh, what's going on? Do you not, do you not like Katie?
Rachel Green: No! No, she's-She was nice. I mean, she's a little slutty, but who isn't?
Ross Geller: I liked her.
Rachel Green: Of course you did Ross, you would date a gorilla if it called you Indiana Jones!
Ross Geller: Did you get like a fresh batch of pregnancy hormones today?!
Rachel Green: No! It's just that, Kate bothered me.
Ross Geller: Why? What was wrong with her?
Rachel Green: There was nothing wrong with her! All right? She was perfectly lovely!
Ross Geller: Okay, so what's the matter?
Rachel Green: I don't want you to date her!
Ross Geller: Why? What, what are you jealous?
Rachel Green: Yes! And not because I want you to go out with me, but because I don't want you to go out with anybody! Okay? I know it's a terrible thing to even think this, and it's completely inappropriate, but I want you to be at my constant beck and call 24 hours a day! I'm very sorry, but that is just the way that I feel.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: I won't date. I'll uh, I'll be here, with you, all the time.
Rachel Green: Really? But I'm being so unreasonable.
Ross Geller: True, but you're allowed to be unreasonable. You're having our baby.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh Ross, thank you. Thank you.
Ross Geller: Do you feel better?
Rachel Green: No, not really. You're pressing the baby into my bladder and now I have to pee. Sorry.
Ross Geller: Uh Rach?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Just one thing umm...
Rachel Green: Uh-huh.
Ross Geller: We live together. You're having our baby. I'm not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don't want something more?
Rachel Green: Wow! I don't know, maybe. I'm...
Ross Geller: Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin' around! Like you did last night when I had to pee?
Rachel Green: I knew that! I knew that! I was just messin' with you too!
Ross Geller: Okay. Okay. Because for a minute you said you...
Rachel Green: Oh no-no-no-no, no!
Ross Geller: ...that you actually...
Rachel Green: No that's just--That's just 'cause I'm such a good messer!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Rach?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Ross Geller: The bathroom?
Rachel Green: Right!
