unknown: nan
Erica: Thanks so much for taking me to all those places. I had a great time.
Monica Geller: Oh, I'm glad. Listen, I want to apologize about Chandler, though. I just did not see this coming.
Chandler Bing: New York is awesome!
Monica Geller: What is with you?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
Monica Geller: Yeah, you miss alot, when you're moo-ing.
Erica: Thanks so much for showing me around.
Monica Geller: Oh! It was our pleasure. We are so much enjoying getting to know you.
Erica: Well, if there is anything else you wanna know...
Chandler Bing: Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
Erica: Oh, sure. Yeah, well, he was my high school boyfriend. Captain of the football team, really cute and he got a scholarship and went off to college.
Chandler Bing: That's great.
Erica: Yeah... it's almost definitely him.
Monica Geller: How's that now?
Erica: Well, there is a chance it's another guy. I mean, I have only ever been with two guys, but they sorta overlapped.
Chandler Bing: So, what does the other guy do? Does he go to college too?
Erica: No, he's in prison.
Monica Geller: Was he falsely accused of something?
Erica: No... he killed his father with a shovel. But other than that, he's a great guy.
Chandler Bing: I'll bet his dad doesn't think so.
Monica Geller: Are you awake?
Chandler Bing: Of course I'm awake. Assume from now on that I'm always awake!
Monica Geller: Alright, we don't know that it's him. I mean, it could be the football guy.
Chandler Bing: Honey, it's us. Of course it's the shovel-killer.
Monica Geller: Alright, lets say that it is him, would we not want the baby? No! Would we treat him any differently?
Chandler Bing: I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
Monica Geller: How?
Chandler Bing: I dunno, aren't there tests for these things, right?
Monica Geller: Yeah, but maybe we're just over-reacting.
Chandler Bing: Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
