unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Why are you wearing my apron?
Monica Geller: I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
Chandler Bing: Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? No? Divorce?
Ross Geller: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Ross Geller: You guys know where Rachel is?
Monica Geller: No, we haven't seen her since this morning.
Ross Geller: So unbelievable. She was supposed to meet me half an hour ago with Emma.
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: These are for Erica!
Ross Geller: What? She's gonna eat all those cookies?
Monica Geller: Well, I want he baby to come out all cute and fat!
Ross Geller: So, why is Erica coming to visit?
Monica Geller: Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
Chandler Bing: Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
Monica Geller: Well, if it annoys you so much, then why do you do it?
Ross Geller: Oh, hi! Hi! Thanks for showing you up thirty minutes late!
Rachel Green: Ross...
Ross Geller: No, no, no, I'm sure you have a great excuse, wh-was it a hair appointment, a mani-pedi or was there a sale at Barney's?
Rachel Green: My father had an heart attack... ...while I was at Barney's.
Ross Geller: Oh my God.
Monica Geller: Honey.
Chandler Bing: I'm so sorry...
Ross Geller: Is-is he ok?
Rachel Green: Yeah, they said he's gonna be fine, but he's still heavily sedated.
Ross Geller: Ok, ok. I'm gonna come out to Long Island with you, I mean, you can't be alone right now.
Rachel Green: No, come on, I'm totally ok. I don't need you to come! I can totally handle this on my own.
Ross Geller: Still-still, let me come... for me.
Rachel Green: Ok. If you really need to.
Ross Geller: I bet someone could use one of Monica's freshly baked cookies.
Rachel Green: Oh, I really could.
Ross Geller: Oh!
Rachel Green: Ohh...
