unknown: nan
Richard Burke: That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Monica Geller: Well yeah.
Richard Burke: Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.
Monica Geller: You really ok with it?
Richard Burke: Oh honey, I'm fine.
Monica Geller: Oh, yay. Ok about that two.
Richard Burke: What? Alright, what about my two?
Monica Geller: Well, it just seems like a really small number.
Richard Burke: Right, and...
Monica Geller: And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Richard Burke: Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
Monica Geller: But you've only slept with two people.
Richard Burke: Right.
Monica Geller: Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Richard Burke: Now I do.
Rachel Green: Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Ross Geller: Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Rachel Green: God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Ross Geller: Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Rachel Green: Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Ross Geller: Knock-knock.
Rachel Green: But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Ross Geller: Until now.
Rachel Green: Oh, hi.
Monica Geller: Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Rachel Green: Oh my God, honey that's great.
Monica Geller: I know. I just can't find...
Rachel Green: Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.
Monica Geller: You need one too?
Rachel Green: Ooooh yeah.
Monica Geller: There's only one.
Richard Burke: Monica.
Monica Geller: Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something.
Ross Geller: Rachel. Hey.
Richard Burke: Hey. They're just trying to decide somehting.
Ross Geller: Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Richard Burke: No.
Ross Geller: Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
Richard Burke: I have a little comb.
Ross Geller: Oh. And what do you call that?
Richard Burke: A moustache comb.
Rachel Green: Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.
Monica Geller: No.
Rachel Green: Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Monica Geller: Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
Rachel Green: Agghhh.
Ross Geller: So were you in Nam?
Rachel Green: Rock-paper-scissors?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
Monica Geller: One two three.
Rachel Green: Yeesss.
Monica Geller: Fine, go have sex.
Richard Burke: No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
Ross Geller: No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Rachel Green: Honey.
Ross Geller: What, what oh....
Richard Burke: Shall we?
Monica Geller: It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.
Richard Burke: Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...
