unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Come on!
Chandler Bing: Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
Gunther: Good one.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Chandler Bing: Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Ross Geller: Hey, guys!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: We don't make enough fun of you already?
Ross Geller: Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
Chandler Bing: You do know that Wham broke up?
Ross Geller: I like it, and Emily likes it, and that's what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-no, don't try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
Chandler Bing: Where is Emily?
Ross Geller: Ugh, she's saying good-bye to her uncle.
Chandler Bing: Man, didn't she like just get here?
Ross Geller: Yeah!! Yeah!
Chandler Bing: Easy tiger.
Ross Geller: I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Chandler Bing: So what are you going to do?
Ross Geller: Nothing! There's nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she'd have to uh, move here. She should move here!
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Ross Geller: I could ask her to live with me!
Chandler Bing: Are you serious?
Ross Geller: I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Chandler Bing: Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Ross Geller: Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
Chandler Bing: And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Joey Tribbiani: All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
Ross Geller: I don't want to do that.
Joey Tribbiani: No! You don't want to wreck it, you don't want to go to fast!
Ross Geller: Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys.
Chandler Bing: Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
