unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Those were like the best seats ever.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh. Oh, God!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, want a beer? WHOA!!!!
Chandler Bing: I KNOW!!!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Open up! Open up! Open up!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: We'll discuss it, in the morning!
Chandler Bing: What the hell is going on?!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: We took our apartment back!!
Phoebe Buffay: I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: We are switching back, right now!
Monica Geller: No, we're not! We're not leaving!
Chandler Bing: Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know.
Chandler Bing: What?
Joey Tribbiani: I don't want to move again!
Chandler Bing: I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
Rachel Green: Let us keep the apartment and...
Monica Geller: As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Totally worth it!
Joey Tribbiani: That was one good minute!
Chandler Bing: Good night.
Joey Tribbiani: Good night.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Men are such idiots.
Rachel Green: Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Phoebe Buffay: That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Monica Geller: Yeah, let-let-let's pretend that's not true.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, scarf's done.
Ross Geller: Come on! Come on. Come on.
Chandler Bing: Okay!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: What-what's going on?
Joey Tribbiani: Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
Ross Geller: Uhh, okay, it's uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
Emily Waltham: Umm, no.
Monica Geller: When, when did-how, how did you...
Ross Geller: We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
Emily Waltham: I mean, we know it's a bit hasty but, uh, it just feels so right, so...
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys...
Rachel Green: Yeah, I-I heard. I think it's great! Ohh, I'm so happy for you!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh, well, that's great!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! Yeah!
Monica Geller: I can't believe you're getting married!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: Monica and Rachel made out.
