unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey!
Emily Waltham: I packed while you were gone. I left some knickers under your pillow.
Ross Geller: Move in with me.
Emily Waltham: What?!
Ross Geller: Don't be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it's too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Emily Waltham: Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.
Ross Geller: I know.
Emily Waltham: My job!
Ross Geller: Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Emily Waltham: Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
Ross Geller: No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
Emily Waltham: Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
Ross Geller: What?
Emily Waltham: Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Ross Geller: No, no, don't. Why don't we?
Emily Waltham: Why don't we what?
Ross Geller: Get married.
Emily Waltham: You are mad!
Ross Geller: No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
Emily Waltham: We've only known each other for six weeks!
Ross Geller: Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
Emily Waltham: My parents are going to be really mad.
Ross Geller: Is that-are you saying yes? Is that yes?
Emily Waltham: Yes.
unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: Yes!
Ross Geller: Yes! We're getting married?!
Emily Waltham: Oh my God!
Ross Geller: Yes!
Emily Waltham: We're getting married!
Ross Geller: Come here, come here. Uh, ow! Emily, will you marry me?
Emily Waltham: Yes.
unknown: nan
Emily Waltham: Ohh, it's a bit small.
Ross Geller: Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
Emily Waltham: It was.
unknown: nan
unknown: nan
