unknown: nan
Rachel Green: So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?
Monica Geller: This bottle opener.
Rachel Green: And?
Monica Geller: And it's a magnet!
Rachel Green: Look at that!
Ross Geller: How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me kitchen.
Rachel Green: What?!
Ross Geller: You complete me kitchen, matey!
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, I know what you're thinking.
Ross Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
Ross Geller: Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
Phoebe Buffay: What?!!
Ross Geller: Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Phoebe Buffay: No!
Ross Geller: Uh-oh, saved by the bell. Hello?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Hey Rach, aren't these candlesticks mine?
Rachel Green: No-no, I bought those.
Monica Geller: Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Monica Geller: That you're a liar.
Ross Geller: No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Monica Geller: Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Ross Geller: Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
Rachel Green: Well, who wouldn't?!
Ross Geller: I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Rachel Green: And Mrs.?!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Rachel Green: What?!!
Phoebe Buffay: Just kidding!
Rachel Green: Ohh! Oh God!
Phoebe Buffay: Saved your ass.
