unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Oh, what's the matter?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you know that psychic I see?
Chandler Bing: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
Chandler Bing: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
Monica Geller: Phoebe that's crazy!
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe she would say that too you.
Rachel Green: Yeah honey you don't believe her do you?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Chandler Bing: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Phoebe Buffay: No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
Ross Geller: Hey everyone!
Chandler Bing: Oh hi!
Ross Geller: Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
unknown: nan
#ALL#: Oh that'd be great. Sure!
Ross Geller: "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Ross Geller: "...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
Joey Tribbiani: Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Ross Geller: No! Why?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
Ross Geller: Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
Chandler Bing: Why don't you open with a joke?
Ross Geller: Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
Chandler Bing: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Ross Geller: Okay!
#ALL#: Ohh! We're kidding! Oh, we're kidding!
Rachel Green: Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Ross Geller: Thank you!
Rachel Green: Some uh, some visual aides.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-ooh-ooh! Y'know what's a good visual aide?
Ross Geller: Please don't say naked chicks.
Joey Tribbiani: Why not?!
Ross Geller: I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Chandler Bing: That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
