unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Oh, look at her, so happy!
Monica Geller: If only there were a smaller one to clean this one!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, is uhm... is Chandler here?
Monica Geller: No, he's picking up dinner, why, what's up?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, look, whatever happens, we're here for you and we love you.
Monica Geller: All right...
Ross Geller: We think Chandler might be having an affair.
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Phoebe and I saw Chandler with a blonde woman today outside on the street and then we followed them to a house in Westchester.
Phoebe Buffay: They went in together. So sorry.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Oh my God that's awful! What did you think of the house?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Monica, you understand what we are saying, right?
Monica Geller: Yeah, sure... uhm, I'm devastated, obviously... Did you think the neighborhood was homey?
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: You son of a bitch!
Chandler Bing: Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here?
Monica Geller: Phoebe and Rachel saw you with Nancy today and... em... they think you're having an affair.
Rachel Green: Who's Nancy?
Ross Geller: What's going on?
Monica Geller: Ok, alright, you guys, you'd better sit down, this is pretty big.
Chandler Bing: Yeah I'm not having an affair. Nancy is our realtor.
Joey Tribbiani: I knew he couldn't be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
Phoebe Buffay: Why do you have a realtor?
Monica Geller: Uhm, she has been showing us houses outside of the city.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Rachel Green: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: When we found out that we're gonna get this baby, Chandler and I started talking and we decided that we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
Phoebe Buffay: So you're gonna move?
Ross Geller: Oh my God.
Joey Tribbiani: Shouldn't we all vote on stuff like this?!
Rachel Green: What is wrong with raising a kid in the city? I'm doing it, Ross is doing it, Sarah Jessica Parker is doing it!
Monica Geller: And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swingset...
Chandler Bing: ...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Ross Geller: So you wanna buy a house in the 50's?
Phoebe Buffay: Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
Ross Geller: You know what, if you wanna look for a house, that's okay.
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, it's not, don't listen to him! I'm gonna thump you!
Ross Geller: It's ok, because they have to get it out of their system, okay , but you're going to realize, this is the only place, you wanna be.
Chandler Bing: Actually, we already found a house we love.
Ross Geller: What?
Monica Geller: And about an hour ago, we made an offer.
Chandler Bing: Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE.
Ross Geller: You put an offer on a house?
Monica Geller: It's so sweet. It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream and then there's these old maple trees...
Phoebe Buffay: Wha..? Again with the nature, what are you? Beavers?
Chandler Bing: I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? Because I can stop doing that, I really, really think I can!
Chandler Bing: You know that's not the reason Joe.
Monica Geller: We think if you saw it, you'd understand. I mean you guys were there. It is beautiful, isn't it?
Rachel Green: Yeah it is.
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell are you doin'?
Rachel Green: Well, it is, all right? When we were out there today, all I kept thinking was: I can't believe Chandler is screwing this woman, but MAN this would be a nice place to live!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but so is this.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place?
Rachel Green: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I don't want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying that I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross Geller: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel Green: Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica Geller: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Ross Geller: That money is mine, Green!
Rachel Green: You're fly is open, Geller!
Phoebe Buffay: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Chandler Bing: Hey, that's...'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Phoebe Buffay: Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Rachel Green: Ow, that had to hurt!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, it's your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
The Guys: We will.
Monica Geller: Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmallows in concentric circles.
Rachel Green: No Mon, you want to put them in concentric circles. I want to do this.
Monica Geller: Every year.
Joey Tribbiani: It's stuck!!!
Phoebe Buffay: Easy. Step. How did it get on?
Joey Tribbiani: I put it on to scare Chandler!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Joey Tribbiani: It smells really bad in here.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head inside a turkey's ass!
Monica Geller: Hey, did you get the turkey bast-Oh my God! Oh my God! Who is that?
Joey Tribbiani: It's Joey.
Monica Geller: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Rachel Green: Oooohh that's interesting.
Chandler Bing: If you win, we give up the birds.
Joey Tribbiani: Dah!!
Chandler Bing: But if we win, we get your apartment.
Joey Tribbiani: Oooooh!
Monica Geller: Deal! TIME LAPSE.
Ross Geller: What was Monica's nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Joey Tribbiani: Big fat goalie.
Ross Geller: Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie...
Chandler Bing: Dangerous Liaisons.
Ross Geller: Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Joey Tribbiani: Weekend at Bernie's.
Ross Geller: Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Joey Tribbiani: Everyday use.
Chandler Bing: Fancy.
Joey Tribbiani: Guest.
Chandler Bing: Fancy guest.
Ross Geller: Two seconds...
Joey Tribbiani: Uhh, 11!
Ross Geller: 11, unbelievable, 11 is correct.
Ross Geller: Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl's breast?
Rachel Green: 14?
Ross Geller: No, 19.
Chandler Bing: Thanks man.
Ross Geller: Joey had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Monica Geller: Maurice.
Ross Geller: Correct, his profession was?
Rachel Green: Space cowboy!
Ross Geller: Correct! What is Chandler Bing's job?
Rachel Green: Ow...Oh Gosh!
Ross Geller: 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Monica Geller: It's umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Rachel Green: Oh-oh-oh, he's a transponce-transpondster!
Monica Geller: That's not even a word!
Monica Geller: NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! TIME LAPSE.
Rachel Green: Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Rachel Green: That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Monica Geller: Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Rachel Green: Well it stupid, unfair question!
Ross Geller: Don't blame the questions!
Chandler Bing: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Ross Geller: Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Chandler Bing: Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Monica Geller: Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Ross Geller: What the hell are doing?!!
Rachel Green: Hey, what's-what's going on?!
Chandler Bing: Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude! He's right there!
Ross Geller: I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Chandler Bing: Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Monica Geller: I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but iit-t's true, I love him too.
Ross Geller: My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this.
Monica Geller: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Rachel Green: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
Monica Geller: What?!
Phoebe Buffay: You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Rachel Green: Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Monica Geller: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know, I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate. She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
Phoebe Buffay: What else?
Monica Geller: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Rachel Green: Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Phoebe Buffay: That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Monica Geller: When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Rachel Green: Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Monica Geller: And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! TIME LAPSE.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Monica Geller: She really left.
Chandler Bing: I know.
Monica Geller: Thank you.
Chandler Bing: No problem roomie.
Monica Geller: Can I ask you a question?
Chandler Bing: Sure!
Monica Geller: What the hell is that dog doing here?!
Chandler Bing: Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
#ALL#: That's so sweet.
Ross Geller: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Rachel Green: And a crappy New Year.
Chandler Bing: Here, here!
