unknown: nan
Rachel Green: You can't move. You just... you just can't.
Joey Tribbiani: Rachel's right. This is where you guys belong.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you don't wanna live in Westchester. That's like the worst of the Chesters.
Ross Geller: You know, sometimes when I'm alone in my apartment, I look over here and you guys... are just having dinner or... watching TV or something, but... it makes me feel better. And now when I look over, who am I gonna see? The Gottliebs, the Yangs? They don't make me feel so good.
Rachel Green: Yeah. So don't move, okay? Just stay here and... maybe close your blinds at night.
Chandler Bing: Hello? It's Nancy, they responded to our offer.
Monica Geller: And?
Chandler Bing: Okay, thanks... They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
Monica Geller: We can't afford that.
Chandler Bing: I know.
Monica Geller: Well, there you go.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm really sorry you guys.
Ross Geller: Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'm even more sorry that that phone call didn't come before I told you about looking through the window.
Rachel Green: Yeah, we're gonna let you be alone.
Phoebe Buffay: You're gonna be okay?
Monica Geller: Yeah, we'll be okay.
Ross Geller: Love you guys.
Joey Tribbiani: You know, I'm really sorry I wasn't more supportive before.
Chandler Bing: That's okay, we understand.
Joey Tribbiani: And about this Nancy thing... If you're not sleeping with her, should I?
Monica Geller: I know there'll be other houses, but it's just so... I love that one so much.
Chandler Bing: Yeah... Well, it's a good thing we got it then.
Monica Geller: What?
Chandler Bing: We got the house.
Monica Geller: Oh my God!
Chandler Bing: I just didn't want to tell you in front of them.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! My God! We've got the house !?
Chandler Bing: We're getting the house. We're getting the house.
Monica Geller: And a baby...
Chandler Bing: We're growing up.
Monica Geller: We sure are.
Chandler Bing: So who's gonna tell them?
Monica Geller: Not it!
Chandler Bing: Not it! Damn it!
