unknown: nan
Sandra Green: Oh my god, there's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.
Rachel Green: Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
Sandra Green: You have some life here, sweetie.
Rachel Green: I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Sandra Green: I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
Rachel Green: For...me.
Sandra Green: Well, not just for you.
Rachel Green: Well, what do you mean?
Sandra Green: I'm uh, considering leaving your father.
Monica Geller: All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.
Rachel Green: Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.
Monica Geller: Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
Ross Geller: And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
Rachel Green: None.
Joey Tribbiani: They didn't fight a lot?
Rachel Green: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
Phoebe Buffay: In my day, divorce was not an option.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, look who's up.
Rachel Green: I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Monica Geller: Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Rachel Green: Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Chandler Bing: You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Phoebe Buffay: That's him.
Chandler Bing: Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.
Mr. Adelman: Phoebe?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me.
Mr. Adelman: Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Phoebe Buffay: Um, do you wanna sit?
Mr. Adelman: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Mr. Adelman: You're saying, my wife is in you?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Mr. Adelman: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
Phoebe Buffay: Everything?
Mr. Adelman: Everything.
Phoebe Buffay: Whoa, that's a lot of stuff.
Mr. Adelman: Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head.
Mr. Adelman: Worth a shot, huh?
