unknown: nan
Monica Geller: God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
Chandler Bing: Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Rachel Green: Ok, who ordered what?
Ross Geller: Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
Chandler Bing: Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
Rachel Green: Oh god.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Rachel Green: I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Phoebe Buffay: Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. Sit up!
Sandra Green: There she is.
Rachel Green: Mom!
Sandra Green: Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
Rachel Green: Pretty much.
Sandra Green: Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
Rachel Green: This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross.
Sandra Green: Oh hello, Ross.
Ross Geller: Hi, Mrs. Green.
Sandra Green: So, what do you think of my daughter in the apron with the big job?
Rachel Green: Oh Mom!
Sandra Green: If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
Chandler Bing: Believe me, sometimes that happens.
Sandra Green: This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
Rachel Green: Really?
Sandra Green: Yes.
Phoebe Buffay: I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
Joey Tribbiani: Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales?
