unknown: nan
Sandra Green: Look at this.
Rachel Green: These are from Halloween three years ago.
Sandra Green: Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
Rachel Green: No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Monica Geller: Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Rachel Green: Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Monica Geller: Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
Rachel Green: Hey, Mon, you want some help?
Monica Geller: If you want.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Rachel Green: She's still with you?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
Sandra Green: This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
Rachel Green: God!
Monica Geller: All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food.
Sandra Green: That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?
Rachel Green: Oh! What's new in sex?
Sandra Green: The only man I've ever been with is your father.
Monica Geller: I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
Sandra Green: I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
Sandra Green: No.
Rachel Green: You want me to talk you out of it?
Sandra Green: No.
Rachel Green: Then what? What do you want?
Sandra Green: I guess I just figured of all people you would understand this.
Rachel Green: Why on earth would I understand this?
Sandra Green: You didn't marry your Barry. I did.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Monica Geller: All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
Chandler Bing: Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Monica Geller: Joey, speed it up!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant to get in the blankets!
Phoebe Buffay: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
Monica Geller: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
Phoebe Buffay: Sir! No sir!
Monica Geller: All right, you!
Ross Geller: No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Monica Geller: All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
Chandler Bing: Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
