unknown: nan
Ross Geller: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
Joey Tribbiani: It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Monica Geller: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
Chandler Bing: Yes!
Monica Geller: They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Ross Geller: Would it matter?
Monica Geller: Oh, you are so great! Thank you!
Joey Tribbiani: Are you really not going?
Ross Geller: I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Monica Geller: They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Ross Geller: If you wanna call that a reason.
Chandler Bing: Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Monica Geller: Ross, I thought you were over this.
Ross Geller: Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Rachel Green: Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
Joey Tribbiani: No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Chandler Bing: Whoa, she's pretty.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Rachel Green: I'm sorry, what?
Monica Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
Chandler Bing: Oh, ok.
Joey Tribbiani: There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Mrs. Wallace: Is she gonna be all right?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
Chandler Bing: Nice!
Rachel Green: That's great!
Ross Geller: Excellent!
Chandler Bing: For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something.
