unknown: nan
Monica Geller: She sent the chicken back again?!
The Waitress: She says it's to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.
Monica Geller: Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
unknown: nan
The Colonel: OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Monica Geller: Lucky bastard! Janice.
Janice Litman Goralnik: How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
Monica Geller: I'm fine.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I'm blind!
Monica Geller: Oh... Uh...
Janice Litman Goralnik: So, who's the lucky guy?
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
Monica Geller: Well, she saw the ring.
Chandler Bing: Did she freak out?
Monica Geller: Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Chandler Bing: Right.
Monica Geller: Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Chandler Bing: You said no right?
Monica Geller: Huh?
Chandler Bing: You said no right?!
Monica Geller: Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Chandler Bing: Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Monica Geller: Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
Chandler Bing: What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Monica Geller: Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Chandler Bing: Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Monica Geller: Really?
Chandler Bing: No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Monica Geller: So-so you would've just lied?
Chandler Bing: Yes!!
Monica Geller: Would it really have been that easy?
Chandler Bing: Yes!!!
Monica Geller: Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
