unknown: nan
Monica Geller: What are we gonna do?
Chandler Bing: I say we go with Careless Whisper.
unknown: nan
Janice Litman Goralnik: Chandler?
Chandler Bing: Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Monica Geller: Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Janice Litman Goralnik: Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
Monica Geller: Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
Janice Litman Goralnik: Please, it's because otherwise I really don't know what I might do.
Chandler Bing: Aren't you just a tinsy bit curious?
Janice Litman Goralnik: Do you have any tissues?
Monica Geller: Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Okay!
Monica Geller: We'll just...we'll just let her stay.
Chandler Bing: No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Monica Geller: Kinda like your Barca lounger.
Chandler Bing: Is that what you're thinking about right now?
Monica Geller: I never stop thinking about it.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.
Chandler Bing: Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Why not?
Chandler Bing: Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
unknown: nan
Janice Litman Goralnik: Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Janice Litman Goralnik: Why?
Monica Geller: Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
Janice Litman Goralnik: He does?
Chandler Bing: Say again?
Monica Geller: That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
Chandler Bing: Feelings, such strong feelings.
Monica Geller: I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
