unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Ross Geller: Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Ross Geller: Yay!
Chandler Bing: Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! Last night!
Joey Tribbiani: No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
Ross Geller: I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Chandler Bing: Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Chandler Bing: All right.
Ross Geller: All right.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay. "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey man.
Chandler Bing: What is up?
Ross Geller: About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
Chandler Bing: No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
Ross Geller: Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest... But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
Chandler Bing: Could I be more sorry.
Ross Geller: I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. All right Joey, we get it. I'm sorry.
Chandler Bing: I'm sorry too.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
Ross Geller: I am sorry, Chandler.
Chandler Bing: I am sorry, Ross.
Joey Tribbiani: A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Chandler Bing: This took you all day?!
Joey Tribbiani: No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
