unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Joey Tribbiani: Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Monica Geller: Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Monica Geller: Oh that's great!
Joey Tribbiani: A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Phoebe Buffay: Ugh, PBS!
Monica Geller: What's wrong with PBS?
Phoebe Buffay: Ugh, what's right with them?
Joey Tribbiani: Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Chandler Bing: Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Phoebe Buffay: All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Joey Tribbiani: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Phoebe Buffay: This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Joey Tribbiani: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Phoebe Buffay: What-what are you talking about?!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. So?
Joey Tribbiani: It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Phoebe Buffay: Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, may I ask for one example?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, it's... Y'know there's-no you may not!
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: That's because all people are selfish.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you calling me selfish?!
Joey Tribbiani: Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hello.
Emily Waltham: Hello, Ross?
Ross Geller: Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
Emily Waltham: Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!
Ross Geller: No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Emily Waltham: Really? About what?
Ross Geller: Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
Emily Waltham: I miss you to. Well, at least I think I do.
Ross Geller: She's talking.
#ALL#: Yay!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
Joey Tribbiani: That he doesn't exist.
Phoebe Buffay: Right.
