Ross Geller: I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
Rachel Green: No, yeah, Ive done that.
Ross Geller: And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
Rachel Green: Ive never done that.
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: All right, now look at her and tell me she doesnt look exactly like her sister.
Joey Tribbiani: Im sayin I see a difference.
Chandler Bing: Theyre twins!
Joey Tribbiani: I dont care. Phoebes Phoebe. Ursulas... hot!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Lets not do that any more.
unknown: nan
#ALL#: Hey guys! Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
Joey Tribbiani: Nope.
Phoebe Buffay: Morly Safer.
Joey Tribbiani: Nope.
Phoebe Buffay: The woman who cuts my hair!
Monica Geller: Okay, look, this could be a really long game.
Chandler Bing: Your sister Ursula.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, really.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...
Phoebe Buffay: Rifts. Yeah, I know.
Chandler Bing: Oh, you do? Because she said you guys havent talked in like years.
Phoebe Buffay: Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?
Joey Tribbiani: Not from where I was standin.
Phoebe Buffay: where were you standing?
Rachel Green: Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Phoebe Buffay: Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Ross Geller: Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, Ive got to go. Ive got Lamaze class.
Chandler Bing: Oh, and Ive got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Rachel Green: So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
Ross Geller: No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Rachel Green: Well, isnt, isnt that gonna be weird?
Ross Geller: No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Monica Geller: Ross, thats my jacket.
Ross Geller: I know.
unknown: nan
