unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What is it?
Ross Geller: I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Joey Tribbiani: See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.
Ross Geller: What, what's that?
Joey Tribbiani: It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.
Ross Geller: Open it, open in.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God.
Ross Geller: Woah.
Joey Tribbiani: Look at this, how did I spend so much money?
Ross Geller: Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
Joey Tribbiani: Ahh.
Ross Geller: What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Joey Tribbiani: My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ross Geller: Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Ross Geller: That audition.
Joey Tribbiani: That's a two line part.
Ross Geller: Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
Joey Tribbiani: So what.
Ross Geller: So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.
Ross Geller: Toilet paper?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Ross Geller: Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.
Joey Tribbiani: Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.
Ross Geller: I am your friend.
Joey Tribbiani: Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
Ross Geller: But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
Ross Geller: Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.
Ross Geller: Huh, I'm just saying...
Joey Tribbiani: Well don't just say.
Ross Geller: Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok.
Ross Geller: Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
