unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
Monica Geller: A mirror?
Joey Tribbiani: Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.
Monica Geller: Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Monica Geller: Cache? Jaunty?
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?
Monica Geller: Oh my God, it was incredible.
Phoebe Buffay: Didn't it like totally speak to you?
Rachel Green: Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Monica Geller: Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Rachel Green: Men just take out wind?
Phoebe Buffay: Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Rachel Green: Wow.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah.
Rachel Green: Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.
Monica Geller: It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.
Monica Geller: No.
Phoebe Buffay: No, 'cause he's yummy.
Monica Geller: Yes. But all the other ones.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Joey Tribbiani: Anybody want a croan.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
