unknown: nan
Monica Geller: You faked it? You couldn't have faked it!
Chandler Bing: Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the noises.
Monica Geller: Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
Chandler Bing: That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.
Monica Geller: Like a month?
Chandler Bing: Or a year?
Monica Geller: Really, you want to wait a year?
Chandler Bing: It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year.
Monica Geller: I really wanna have a baby.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, me too. Look, I'll just get my old job back.
Monica Geller: No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.
Chandler Bing: I quit and you learn what I do?
Monica Geller: It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemployed and in a little while you'll find a new job that'll keep you really busy. There's always gonna be a reason not to do this, but I think once the baby comes, forget about all those reasons.
Chandler Bing: I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby.
Monica Geller: It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're not able to control. I mean, the apartment's gonna be a mess, I won't have time to clean it. What if the baby gets into the ribbon drawer? Messes up all the ribbons?! What if there's no room for a ribbon drawer, because the baby's stuff takes up all the space!? Where will all the ribbons go!?!
Chandler Bing: Should we go make a baby right now before you change your mind?
Monica Geller: Yes, please!
Chandler Bing: Oh, and I promise, I will not fake it this time.
Monica Geller: I wish I could say the same. I'm a little shook up!
Dr. Drake Ramoray: I know you botched that operation on purpose. I can't prove it yet, but when I do, you'll be going to jail for murder. I don't care if you are my brother.
Man: I'm not your brother.
Phoebe Buffay: What about my children Drake?! Huh!? No!! No!! No! God!
