unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Wait a minute! What do you mean, you're taking over my job?
Gavin Mitchell: Well, while you were on your baby vacation I was doing your job.
Rachel Green: A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are raw.
Gavin Mitchell: Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.
Rachel Green: Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back to the way it was. I can't say that I care too much for the way you've rearranged my office.
Gavin Mitchell: I can't say I care too much for that smell you've brought in with you.
Rachel Green: Excuse me?
Ross Geller: Rach we have a code brown situation.
Rachel Green: Can you please, please take care of it for me?
Ross Geller: Alright, but you have to do one sometime.
Rachel Green: Let me just get this straight! So I go have a baby and they send some guy in to do my job?
Gavin Mitchell: Well, there was talk of shutting down Ralph Lauren all together.
Rachel Green: That's right. You're very cheeky for a temp.
Gavin Mitchell: I'm not a temp. I was transferred here from another department.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah, what department was that? The Jerk department?
Gavin Mitchell: Oh, they didn't tell me about your quick wit.
Rachel Green: Did they mention that I'm rubber and you're glue?
Mr. Zelner: Gavin, Ralph loved your ideas.
Rachel Green: Oh, hi Mr. Zelner.
Mr. Zelner: Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren't sure what we were gonna do. But then, Gavin to the rescue. Super Gavin!
Rachel Green: That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on flying off to?
Gavin Mitchell: Well, that's up to Mr. Zelner. I'm sure he will make the right decision.
Rachel Green: Oh, wow. Super ass-kissing power.
Mr. Zelner: Incidentally, when are you coming back?
Rachel Green: Today.
Gavin Mitchell: You said two weeks.
Rachel Green: No, I said today! See, for a superhero, not so much with the listening.
