unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, so how is it?
Ross Geller: I broke my thumb.
Joey Tribbiani: Your thumb? That's weird. You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
Ross Geller: You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms.
Joey Tribbiani: You, you want me to help you with that?
Ross Geller: Why, does it look like I'm having trouble with my misshapen claw?
Joey Tribbiani: Name? I know Ross but what's it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
Ross Geller: Just Ross!
Joey Tribbiani: It's pretty, Okay date of birth?
Ross Geller: You know my birthday.
Joey Tribbiani: Sure, May...tember.
Ross Geller: October 18th.
Joey Tribbiani: Occupation? Dinosaurs.
Ross Geller: Actually I'm a palian... Dinosaurs is fine... the drawing is not.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
Ross Geller: Ah, Rachel I guess.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
Ross Geller: Just ah... just put roommate.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you're gonna get together right?
Ross Geller: I don't think that we are.
Joey Tribbiani: But you two were supposed to be together.
Ross Geller: Well, I thought so too, but then she said she'd marry you.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
Ross Geller: Yeah that's what she said.
Joey Tribbiani: So?
Ross Geller: So I don't wanna be just anybody.
Joey Tribbiani: Wow.
Ross Geller: You know what, it's, it's better this way anyway. I mean I don't know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It's just much easier if we're just friends who have a kid.
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Ross Geller: Yeah.
Joey Tribbiani: And you're Okay with that?
Ross Geller: Yes. I mean, it's what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans. Hello? I'm fine.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, for what it's worth, with Rachel I don't think you'll ever be just "anybody."
Ross Geller: Hey there you go!
Joey Tribbiani: "Thanks."
