unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: She's just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
Monica Geller: Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Ross Geller: Okay I put most of the stuff away.
Rachel Green: Oh great, the pacifiers?
Ross Geller: In the closet.
Rachel Green: The burping clogs?
Ross Geller: Linen closet.
Rachel Green: The diapers?
Ross Geller: In the hospital.
Phoebe Buffay: Wow you guys got a hospital? Fancy!
Ross Geller: No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
Rachel Green: Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
Ross Geller: Sure what kind?
Rachel Green: Umm let me think...What do I want, what d-o I w-a-n-t...
Ross Geller: Please take your time, it's an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
Rachel Green: Blueberry.
Ross Geller: Blueberry it is.
Rachel Green: Thanks.
Monica Geller: Wow, he's really not letting this go, is he?
Rachel Green: God how long do you think that's gonna last?
Phoebe Buffay: I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Rachel Green: Y'know I can't even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can't believe how much I love her, I can't get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
Phoebe Buffay: You know that's... that's her.
Rachel Green: Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I'm gonna wake her up.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you're never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
Rachel Green: Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! Come on little girl, hi!
Phoebe Buffay: I can say I told you so but she's kinda doing that for me.
Rachel Green: Oh I'm sorry mummy's so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep.
Monica Geller: Breaks your heart doesn't it.
Phoebe Buffay: It really does... how long do you think we have to stay?
