Carol Willick: Hey hey, come on in!
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey, hello! mmwa! I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Carol Willick: Oh great! Is it vegetarian, 'cause Susan doesn't eat meat.
Ross Geller: I'm pretty sure that it is...
Carol Willick: So, I got the results of the amnio today.
Ross Geller: Oh, tell me, tell me, is everything, uhh....?
Carol Willick: Totally and completely healthy!
Ross Geller: Oh, that's great, that is great!
Ross Geller: Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
Carol Willick: Uh, that's our friend Tanya.
Ross Geller: Of course it's your friend Tanya.
Carol Willick: Don't you want to know about the sex?
Ross Geller: The sex? Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Carol Willick: The sex of the baby, Ross.
Ross Geller: Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!
Carol Willick: Do you want to know?
Ross Geller: No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! Or isn't...
unknown: nan
Susan Bunch: Oh, hello Ross!
Ross Geller: Susan...
Susan Bunch: So, so, did you hear?
Ross Geller: Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!
Susan Bunch: Oh, that's so... It really is...do we know...?
Carol Willick: Yes, we certainly do, it's going to be...
Ross Geller: Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!
Susan Bunch: Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?
Carol Willick: Mm-hmmm
Ross Geller: Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be?
Carol Willick: It's a...
Ross Geller: No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
Carol Willick: Well, thanks for the books.
Ross Geller: No problem, ok, mmmwa oh, mmmwa Susan...
Susan Bunch: All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona?
Carol Willick: Hello?
Ross Geller: Uh, never mind, I don't want to know.
