Paolo: No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: How's it going?
Monica Geller: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh!
unknown: nan
Paolo: Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok bye-bye.
Monica Geller: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Paolo: Grazie.
Ross Geller: Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say...
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, just look at her...
Ross Geller: Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Monica Geller: Oh, you're right.
Ross Geller: ...and I really think it should be me.
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Hey.
Rachel Green: Hey.
Ross Geller: You all right?
Rachel Green: Ooh, I've been better...
Ross Geller: Come here. Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Rachel Green: Oh, Ross...
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy.
Ross Geller: Huh.
Rachel Green: Oh Ross, you're so great!
Ross Geller: Ohhhh
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
Rachel Green: Oh...
Phoebe Buffay: You ok?
Rachel Green: ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Phoebe Buffay: Yep!
Ross Geller: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Rachel Green: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Ross Geller: Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Rachel Green: No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: I-I'm, I'm having a boy?
Rachel Green: Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Ross Geller: Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! Huh, am I having a boy?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes, you're having a boy!
Ross Geller: I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy!
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Wha-
Joey Tribbiani: Wha-
Chandler Bing: What is it?
Ross Geller: I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Chandler Bing: We already knew that!
Ross Geller: I'm having a son. Um...
unknown: nan
