unknown: nan
Ross Geller: All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
Ross Geller: All right, bye!
Monica Geller: Bye!
Phoebe Buffay: Bye!
Ross Geller: Later!
Phoebe Buffay: I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
Chandler Bing: Wow umm, calm down.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!
Monica Geller: Why are so mad at him?
Phoebe Buffay: Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
Monica Geller: Well, it just seems that...
Phoebe Buffay: You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Chandler Bing: Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
Chandler Bing: You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Joey Tribbiani: It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Phoebe Buffay: Ohh-oh, chilling!
Joey Tribbiani: And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Joey Tribbiani: Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
Chandler Bing: Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Phoebe Buffay: No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Joey Tribbiani: All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Chandler Bing: Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh umm, not go.
Chandler Bing: All right, great, road trip baby! This okay with you?
Monica Geller: Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. You can go.
Chandler Bing: Thank you.
Monica Geller: Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Rachel Green: All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Monica Geller: No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
