unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. Or-or Rachel!
Monica Geller: Hello? It's Joey. I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Joey Tribbiani: Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Monica Geller: What did you do to his sweater vests?
Joey Tribbiani: Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Monica Geller: Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, dude!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh that's my grandma. And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.
Chandler Bing: Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Phoebe Buffay: Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Chandler Bing: Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Monica Geller: Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Chandler Bing: That's a good idea. I wonder where I could get a basket of porn...
Phoebe Buffay: No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Chandler Bing: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Ross Geller: Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-hmm.
Ross Geller: What do you like better flora or fauna?
Phoebe Buffay: Fauna.
Ross Geller: Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
Phoebe Buffay: Garfunkle.
Ross Geller: Why are you mad at me?
Phoebe Buffay: You said I was boring--Ohh!
Ross Geller: When did I say you were boring?!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Ross Geller: Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
