unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Is he here?
Chandler Bing: No.
Rachel Green: Oh. Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Chandler Bing: Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Rachel Green: Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
Phoebe Buffay: No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
Rachel Green: Hm-mm.
Chandler Bing: Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Rachel Green: Ohh!
Monica Geller: We're sorry honey.
Rachel Green: Oh, it's okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
Rachel Green: And heels.
Joey Tribbiani: Ross, did ask us first, and we set that night aside.
Rachel Green: No, hey, come on, if he asked you first, that's only fair.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Ohhh boy, do I feel bad.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah.
Monica Geller: Very bad.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Chandler what are you doing?!
Monica Geller: Chandler!!
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: You're smoking again?!
Chandler Bing: Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Phoebe Buffay: Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Chandler Bing: Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Monica Geller: Weren't you nine?!
Chandler Bing: Yeahhh. I'm tellin' ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Oh that's great, with my luck, that's gonna be him.
Phoebe Buffay: Him? Him, Ross?
Chandler Bing: Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Rachel Green: Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
#ALL#: Absolutely, yeah!
Rachel Green: Chandler! You're smoking? What are you doing?!
Chandler Bing: Hey, shut up!! You're not my real Mom!!
