unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, done.
Monica Geller: What's 'pleh'?
Joey Tribbiani: That's 'help' spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Monica Geller: Huh. What's doofus spelled backwards?
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Op, op, car! Car!! Ugh!!!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's Ross on one of his drives!
Chandler Bing: Hey!!
Phoebe Buffay: Hi!
Rachel Green: What is he doing here?!
Ross Geller: He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
#ALL#: No! Come on!
Rachel Green: All right!! Fine! Fine.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Arrrghh!!
Chandler Bing: Oh no, now it's not gonna make any sense!
Phoebe Buffay: You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
Chandler Bing: Oh, this is horrible, it's just horrible.
Joey Tribbiani: Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
Monica Geller: I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Rachel Green: Ask me what?
Monica Geller: Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
Chandler Bing: No, I wasn't gonna ask you that, no.
Rachel Green: You guys are unbelievable. No! He cannot come.
Ross Geller: Excuse me?
Chandler Bing: It's horrible.
Ross Geller: Oh please, can't I come to your special, magical cabin?
Rachel Green: Why would you even want to come Ross? You're a horrible skier.
Ross Geller: Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
Monica Geller: Here we go again.
Joey Tribbiani: I-I can't handle this, you guys.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
Ross Geller: All right Pheebs, your cab's ready.
Rachel Green: All right, let's go!
Ross Geller: You're welcome.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
Ross Geller: We were on a break!
Rachel Green: Y'know Ross why don't you put that on your answering machine!
Ross Geller: Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
Rachel Green: What?!
Monica Geller: I don't know.
Ross Geller: That's what you said last night.
Monica Geller: What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
Ross Geller: Okay.
Rachel Green: Really Joey?
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know what, but there is, there is no right or wrong, here.
Rachel Green: No, I think it's very obvious who's wrong here.
Ross Geller: Obviously not to Joey.
unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: What?
unknown: nan
Ross Geller: Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
Chandler Bing: Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Ross Geller: I can.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Good, all right, let's get back in the car, 'cause it's freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
Ross Geller: Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Joey Tribbiani: Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
Ross Geller: No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Rachel Green: Thank you.
Monica Geller: All right, we'll call you when we get back.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Maybe we can like go to a movie or something.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Or, or the rodeo!!
Ross Geller: That would be great.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay!
Chandler Bing: I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure.
Ross Geller: I know!
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Bye!!!
unknown: nan
