unknown: nan
Chandler Bing: Damn! The tailpipe's not hot enough to light this!
Joey Tribbiani: Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Chandler Bing: Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Monica Geller: So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Joey Tribbiani: Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
Monica Geller: What?!
Rachel Green: What?!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
Monica Geller: Please!!
Joey Tribbiani: Whoever has the biggest boobs, has the biggest bra, therefore has the biggest wire.
The Girls: No, not getting my bra!
Joey Tribbiani: If you wanna get back in the car, we need the wire, your call.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, Monica's are the biggest.
Monica Geller: These tiny, little non-breasts?! Please, it's gotta be Rachel.
Rachel Green: What, no, no, no, mine are deceptively small I mean, I-I-I actually sometimes, st-stuff my bra.
Monica Geller: All right then, your bra would still be big.
Rachel Green: No, I stuff outside the bra.
Chandler Bing: Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, forget it, nevermind, you can have mine.
unknown: nan
Rachel Green: Chandler, what are you doing? There is a trash can right there.
Chandler Bing: Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, there.
Joey Tribbiani: Thank you Phoebe, that is very, very generous.
Chandler Bing: Okay, now let's decide who has the nicest ass.
Joey Tribbiani: And there you go!
#ALL#: Oh, yeahhhhh!!!
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Chandler!!
Chandler Bing: At least let me smoke it to the good part.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Oh, no!
Rachel Green: What, what's it, what's going on?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, this has happened before.
Rachel Green: So you know how to fix it?
Phoebe Buffay: Yep. Put more gas in.
