unknown: nan
Joey Tribbiani: Can I see the comics?
Chandler Bing: This is the New York Times.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, may I see the comics?
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Guys. I thought you were taking Ross to the game?
Chandler Bing: We are. He's meeting us here.
Monica Geller: No! Rachel is meeting us here.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh come on, they can be in the same room.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you shoulda been there last night.
Phoebe Buffay: Why? What happened now?
Joey Tribbiani: Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Chandler Bing: Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Joey Tribbiani: Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Phoebe Buffay: Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Joey Tribbiani: Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Phoebe Buffay: Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Phoebe Buffay: Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Joey Tribbiani: I had the same dream!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, and nobody slept with that Xerox girl.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I had the opposite dream.
Chandler Bing: Y'know what maybe it's gonna be okay, I mean it's been a week.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I mean it's never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
Monica Geller: It's never taken you more than a shower to get over a relationship.
unknown: nan
Monica Geller: Okay, let's go!! Let's hit the road!!
Rachel Green: Hey!
Monica Geller: Let's get the show on it!
Rachel Green: Okay, let me just get a cup of coffee.
Monica Geller: Oh Rachel, I know the best coffee house and it's sooo close.
Rachel Green: Closer than here?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hey, look, I found coffee! Okay, let's skedaddle.
Rachel Green: Wait, I'm not just gonna drink somebody's old coffee.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, your highness.
unknown: nan
Phoebe Buffay: Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. That's okay, do you wanna get back together? Yeah, okay. Did anyone else hear that?!
